sentence	emotion
I'm too old to be traded in .	6
Mother said you could always tell a lady by her hands .	8
I always said I'd leave off when the time came .	6
He'll be safe with me .	2
Lay off .	1
You tell him to take care of you .	8
I hope so .	4
Why do you want to shut me out in the cold like this ?	6
You taught me a lesson , man .	8
I'll do everything I can to make a success of it .	2
But it was worth it .	5
I hope I never wake up .	6
Alright , here's how it works ....	2
Flo , being a parent is about sharing .	8
He looks like a drunk .	3
... Primitive	3
Hello . - Never , ever pick up the phone .	1
[PERSON] , could I have a word with you ?	4
I'm not resigning my senior partnership the day after what happened , happened , if that's what you're asking .	2
It's OK .	8
Why don't you sit down and try not to waste my time ?	1
Find someone to type this .	8
You're too nice .	8
It's time to update the program and I would like to hear from each one of you .	2
I've lost another man and that bastard thinks it's funny .	3
I hope you know that .	5
Don't you like children ?	7
Let's see !	2
Just to tell you that I'm happy .	5
It was just fine .	5
Good game tonight , guys .	5
You were terribly in love with her .	8
As she told me of all the things that they did to protect children .	2
We weren't even sure others existed .	4
You're beginning to realize maybe the public knows more about public relations than you do .	5
We don't need you here !	1
The opera starts an hour later tonight on account of the parade .	2
Listen , buddy , you're getting by pretty easy .	8
Mr. [PERSON] is a wonderful teacher .	5
But I don't think you have to worry about this one .	8
You got it ? - Yeah , I think so .	8
We don't need any rush - hour Rambos there .	1
I am afraid to have said some things to [PERSON] what she will not forgive so early .	6
Harry , you got a nice shop here .	5
There's no bloody exits .	1
Oh , God ...	6
It's people who should be blamed for the filth , not the river .	3
When's the next ferry ?	2
It's a matter of life and death .	4
That was pretty fancy wrestling , kid .	5
It can't be so hard to die .	3
He lost all his patients , he didn't wan na go to the office .	6
Tell [PERSON] I'm coming home .	2
And may the best man win .	8
Why you drinkin' that cold coffee ?	7
That's gonna be hard .	4
I'm sentimental about old people .	6
Not right away ! That wouldn't be fair .	4
Today , the captain ordered a general drill for the safety of the crew .	8
Will you arrange a conference for us ?	8
Too much time !	4
Nail it .	8
An ordinary vessel would've suffered heavy damage .	5
I Iove you , [PERSON] .	5
Course they gave him a big hunk of money for a settlement . Don't nobody know how much it was .	3
Hey , come on , [PERSON] .	1
What are they fighting about ?	1
I will not be held accountable to [PERSON] for my actions ... or for those of my people .	1
[PERSON] goes on wherever he's going .	2
You think I got potential ?	2
They're having a nice little game up there with that telephone .	5
You were unavailable for consultation .	1
Five years ago . Bingo .	7
You'd crawl over your dying mother to fuck your sister .	3
Now that you have our city , what do you want with it ?	2
Well , what are we waiting for ?	2
Don't you remember ?	7
You have my word .	8
That'd be great . Thank you .	8
Yeah , I can just tell the way it smells that this is gonna be a great year for cotton , yeah .	2
Everything there can be interpreted as an attempt to enforce discipline .	1
[PERSON] , you got to trust me .	8
Now knock it off !	1
These images will pollute us .	3
Subject is violently antisocial given to delusions of godhood . And he's hopelessly addicted to narcotics .	6
I'm staying .	2
Nitrates and phosphate for ammunition ... The seeds of war .	1
Let me have a taste of it .	2
Well , I still want him for that train robbery up at [LOCATION] .	3
We're being attacked !	7
Where are we going ?	2
I made a special effort to not look like a nurse .	2
That's how marriages are arranged down here .	8
[LOCATION] will be very gay this season .	2
Great !	5
Were you close with the deceased ?	6
Yes , very appropriate .	8
Pray you get the chance .	4
Can you explain your testimony that there is more stringent posting rules for selling a motorcycle than selling a - year - old ?	1
We can get cheap tickets from [PERSON]'s parents .	2
What is the matter with you ?	1
Ah , yes ! ' I had a migraine , your Majesty .	8
He was ... fine .	3
The best died there .	6
What the hell is going on out there , [PERSON] ?	4
Shall we bid our guests farewell ?	8
It was a good party , wasn't it ?	5
The worst would be a relief .	1
I'm not sure how much good all this talking's doing .	6
Maybe it's me and [PERSON] .	7
I'm the last installment and that troubles me .	6
Tried to save a girl , kind of queered his mind too .	1
Don't burn yourself , [PERSON] .	4
Yeah , call the cops .	1
I'm waiting .	1
Fuck you .	1
I am away , sick .	6
He knew of everything for [PERSON] .	2
Like myself , it struggled blindly for the means to live .	6
No one can feel safe living in a community ... when there are reckless and irresponsible neurotics ... wandering about its thoroughfares armed with deadly weapons .	4
You steal a little swordfish , and [PERSON] should lighten up ?	7
You want some hot coffee , huh ?	2
Idle boasting , I assure you .	3
This is a dreadful miscarriage .	6
She's hysterical , beating ...	4
There's gonna be a lot of money in town .	2
Without the ring , there will be no sacrifice , without the sacrifice , no congregation .	8
They described a decades long conspiracy to cover up extraterrestrial visitation to [LOCATION] .	1
You don't care about me .	6
There's no time ...	6
What's the great rush ?	7
That's a lie !	3
We just found out they were lost !	4
Said it was ghastly .	4
Just look at this crowd .	3
Of course , you've been here before .	2
That's got it .	8
Never !	1
You insist on putting me into a position that I don't in the least relish .	6
It's like [PERSON] , you see ?	5
We're going now , and I was afraid I wouldn't see you again .	6
What are you doing here ?	1
I don't think this bullshit's funny .	3
Okay . All right , look , everything's fine .	8
Your brother's a master at it .	8
Otherwise I'm gonna fuck you up good !	1
Come in and I'll get you a nice , cold glass of water .	8
Nothing Mr. [PERSON] has to say means shit to you , does it , [PERSON] ?	3
All I asked you is where the hell [PERSON] is .	1
You must forgive me .	6
What's your problem , jerk off ?	3
I try to help , but he doesn't listen to me , and I've got my own grief to work through .	6
You want to play games ?	3
The war in [LOCATION] .	6
They'll disembowel us .	4
What about a little music ?	2
When do I get the money ?	2
[PERSON] hits the ceiling and throws me out .	6
I'll see you tonight .	8
It's terrible that bad things happen , and all we do is stand by and watch .	6
That's my old man , Kid .	8
He'll talk to you .	8
But if it isn't me , then we have to make a deal , you and I , to accept that fact and find a way to stop it , OK ?	8
Get her back for me , please .	4
I'll travel wherever there are Russian commissions .	2
She's sad right now ?	6
He's mine !	5
All right , next time I hear it , I am taking it away .	1
We are quite alone , I assure you .	8
Maybe we better get inside , OK ?	8
So you just hang out and keep a look at kids ?	3
Where did he go ?	2
Why would he buy a bible ?	7
She doesn't know .	6
What is it with you boys and your war toys ?	3
I have to come all this way to tell you this ?	1
You know , we knew you was a punk then , but you're being a punk now .	1
How did you recognise me , Mr [PERSON] ?	7
That task force is headed this way .	4
I've never liked him .	1
How's it feel to have the woman you've wronged cloak your sins ?	3
Oh , I wanted you to see this advertising layout .	2
I've been hiding it just for you .	8
And I panicked , and I lied .	4
It was awful !	6
If you thought as much about being honest as you do about being smart ...	3
In the garden of a convent in [LOCATION] , there's a beautiful statue .	5
Why don't I save you the trouble ?	8
She tried to kill me because I told her about Nately .	4
Why not believe me ?	1
If they let me settle this now , between me and [PERSON] they're never going to see or hear from me again .	1
You think I'll ever forget you running from that stupid clown ?	3
You got to get me out of this mess !	1
What's going on between you two ?	7
Dear Bow Tie Killer , how's prison ?	5
We did not ditch . We were working .	6
Yes , tell him I'm in the middle of an important phone call .	1
These are the wrong keys .	6
Will you please stop telling me how to run my life for a couple of minutes ?	1
[PERSON] could be killed .	4
This anger's not about me . Who are you angry with ?	8
Yet you let [PERSON] know you'd drag it in at any opportunity .	1
Don't you want to go to [LOCATION] ?	7
It's a damn nightmare .	4
I can not accept you as [PERSON]'s son .	3
My , what a pretty place !	5
You see , [PERSON] , there are certain advantages to being on the sick list .	5
The sooner you get that , the better off we're all gonna be .	2
Leave us the hell alone !	1
Are you sure this report's correct ?	7
He said again that the more early I was going away better .	1
Oh , what are you doing here ?	7
Oh , [PERSON] !	8
Son of a bitch !	1
Glad to have you with us , Big Casino .	5
But I would love to hang out with you again .	2
Tell the King ... that try to forgive him .	2
Didn't you hear me ? I said go away !	1
Yes , all right , I will call you later .	2
Don't let me go down .	4
You reject it .	6
Otherwise you'll never get out of [LOCATION] alive .	4
They're coming to get you , [PERSON] .	1
Gentlemen ?	2
We have to save each other , because all victims are equal .	8
Shake on it , bruv .	8
Don't worry .	8
I put my ass on the line for nothing !	1
[PERSON] , these trunks is very special to me , you know ?	8
They must've wiped this place clean .	7
I'm not proud of that .	3
Oh , it was just ...	7
If you wouldn't mind giving me a lift .	8
He's a poor boy .	6
I'll take care of him .	8
But I'll speak with you later .	2
Well , how did it go ?	2
Okay , I'm sorry , all right ?	1
I thought you were supposed to eat fish on a Friday .	7
I was just an ensign .	6
Summertime , all you can smell is the garbage .	3
I want to tell you something .	8
And what's more , I'm going to marry you , Terenia !	2
big town ? I beg your pardon ?	6
Father , make us truly humble and thankful ... for these and all the other blessings .	5
Between the cousins and neighbors , there were kids , always causing trouble together .	1
She was wearing them tonight .	7
Your vendetta has dragged on long enough .	6
Son of dork , son of dork !	1
We weren't trying to escape .	4
I'm sorry , Grandfather . I've got to get some air .	3
by getting blackout drunk .	3
I was afraid [PERSON] might have stolen the suitcase .	4
You are lucky to be chosen !	1
And goddamn it , tuck up those pyjamas !	3
It seems I try to do the impossible .	6
You've got a beard ! You're a man !	7
You got it .	8
I appreciate your letting me come .	8
I'm here to admit you and , God willing , help you .	2
Now's your chance , go !	7
Or some professional individual saying ,	8
He acted strange .	7
For the love of God , [PERSON] .	1
You'll be called vice president , but you will be , de facto , something more .	8
,000 , telegrams demanding that he yield this floor .	5
So tired .	6
But when men who aren't actually there have intercourse with you , it is time to see a good psychiatrist .	4
I wonder if I could remind the [PERSON] of his promise ... that I might speak to him at any time ?	2
As soon as we get near those cattle pens take [PERSON] and drive her out of town as fast as you can .	8
My seat belt's too tight .	1
That high is not the one you're looking for . Believe me .	3
We'll be home soon .	2
I don't know what [PERSON] is ... now .	4
Cover up her mouth !	1
Oh , how lovely .	5
You realize your contacting the saucer violated our instructions .	1
Here , in abundance , were various substances Necessary to sustain life ...	2
You oughtta try it , it might clear your head .	5
I know that you are tough .	8
I intend to make a full report of your activities in this camp .	3
Now , they're probably gonna crown us King and Queen of the Costume Ball .	2
You'll sell the furniture ?	1
You didn't know that about [PERSON] , eh ?	7
She is a real lady .	8
Cause we just got a package , and I don't see his address here in the ...	4
Since we are nearing the island of [PERSON] , You will have an opportunity of selecting your own food .	2
And as for you ... whatever it is you're hatching , forget it , or end up dead .	3
The point is , the miracle has happened and a great career is yours for the asking .	5
You're wet !	1
He was sensational .	5
I must reply his kindness someday	8
Nothing ever happens .	6
You know he's got the missiles . I know he's got the missiles .	1
I've been aching to mention it to you .	2
Catch ya on the flip - flop , good buddy .	8
I'm making a hundred K a month cooking and dealing crystal meth .	8
I thought he was kidding .	7
I don't see why my son shouldn't be getting his own allowance .	1
It's a small part , but the producer said the next picture I'll have a bigger part .	2
You don't got ta love it , you just got ta do it .	8
[PERSON] was bad news .	1
What he could be is your son . Yeah , he's my seedling ' ...	7
You're listening to a piece of shit like [PERSON] Tex.	3
If you drop any charges against [PERSON] , we'll drop the lawsuit against you .	8
Where does that put us ?	2
Don't call me .	1
I hardly number pirates among my acquaintances .	3
Burn them all away .	3
I think the least people could do is to say they're sorry , or ... something .	6
[PERSON]'s not home but I am , and the front door's unlocked .	2
Over here ! Give us the keys !	2
You can't hurt him like this .	1
He's taking the day off ?	7
Why should the signing of these articles be suddenly held up ?	7
Why is he so against your testifying ?	2
And Spider Man died kind of slow .	6
We'll have just one drink and then we'll go .	2
Did you got , like , baby einstein show with him ?	1
Hey , put the phone down !	1
We can try .	2
And it changes because the people at the top forget how they got there .	1
You are brilliant this morning !	5
Ensign [PERSON] called and told me that you were in trouble .	1
Why don't you chop it off , [PERSON] ?	2
He goes to the fucking hospital , right ?	8
The cops are all over the place .	4
And what will you do then , [PERSON] ?	1
Sure I do .	7
Just the way I like 'em .	5
Word for word one of the best lies I've ever told .	5
You're still in FBI custody .	8
It's not like that .	4
Compliments of Capt. [PERSON] .	5
A little rush ?	1
All the officers were disloyal .	1
We could have one fucking good hunting trip tonight .	2
We all got ta be careful .	4
Alas , if he were brave this would not be necessary .	3
Oh , come on , have a brandy .	5
I would wear the same gown I wore when you were my favourite beau .	5
How very nice of you to say .	5
You may call me Captain [PERSON] .	8
Listen , I've always returned favors , haven't I , [PERSON] ?	6
He can't win in the House .	8
How can you stand there dripping all over their lobby with no heel , no luggage , and say it's my fault we have no room ?	3
You'd be surprised how many nice people dine with them .	7
I'm too tired .	6
[PERSON] planted something up in his office to frame me .	3
Say the word .	8
So , do you think you could get me a TV ?	2
we can work something out . - That's a sweet offer , but not now .	2
Boom .	4
You said she was coming with us .	7
But how do you know that if you weren't there ?	7
More money for the Pentagon when it's own auditors admit the military can not account for % of what it already spends .	1
Don't you know me ?	4
We certainly have the surveillance capabilities to follow the mayor .	8
You're going undercover , buddy . Congratulations .	8
Or - or maybe you mean embarrassing the badge .	4
What else do you have to tell ?	7
There was the explosion in [LOCATION] .	4
I didn't like this boy to begin with , but no man that wasn't sincere could stage a fight like this against all odds .	3
Well , you can always take long walks in the sunshine .	5
So , fuck it . I figure I've got to straighten him out a little bit .	1
Your word to a breechclouted savage ?	3
Who , you mean the current acting President of the [LOCATION] ?	7
Come on , then .	2
Everybody trusts the FBI .	8
[PERSON] , I was so scared .	4
Woman , go on about your business .	3
My success depends on her .	8
Do you know , I remember you now ?	5
Somebody must be in good humour .	5
You [PERSON] ?	2
The rolling balls , the second - hand phrases , the migraine headaches ... Shirt - tails , and tonight's speech : I turned yellow but my dog likes me .	6
I don't want us to end up enemies .	4
Well , can you give me what he has ?	2
The woman is safe . I've contacted the Canadian authorities . They'll be here any minute .	5
I hope not .	4
about jealousy .	3
I couldn't possibly sit still .	2
Congratulations .	8
What he lacked in experience , he's made up in fight .	8
That's what comes of teaching science by TV .	3
It forces me to beg as a beggar .	6
Yes , I'm sure .	8
You see what he did to Miss [PERSON]'s shirt ?	1
This is so goddamn boring !	1
I wanted to apologize for the other night And I was wondering if I can have an opportunity To see you again today and -- and just talk .	3
You got yourself a job .	8
You're welcome to have turkey with my husband and me .	8
Ah , we're getting closer now to what happened ...	2
Two rings ... purse .	7
I have no patience for any more shit .	8
This is maybe the most important case that we handle in our legal career .	8
You think [PERSON]'s gonna buy that ?	4
It's OK , I was thinking the same thing .	8
This is the captain speaking .	4
We ain't hungry ... not food hungry anyway .	2
I really like your singing .	5
What do you mean , call ?	7
Why do we kill people who kill people to show that killing is wrong ?	3
Well , yesterday , he was just a guy working in the Department of City Planning .	3
I wanted to buy you something lovely and exotic .	5
Mr. [PERSON] wants to know how come he don't know you .	5
And what I want is for you to befriend him .	2
You just be quiet . Be a nice girl .	8
Don't be long . You'll catch a cold .	4
Just a friendly place to have a beer .	5
I'm not playing games right now .	7
[PERSON] was never supposed to talk to him .	1
Hurry up , students . Five more minutes for your pen - pals .	2
You make me sick with your heroics .	3
We go to [LOCATION] and I get the money .	2
They will not fail .	8
He accused me of selling out .	1
Recycled jockstraps .	3
You've caused enough trouble .	1
I can be a friend to you , you know .	2
This looks good .	5
Bye !	5
Hey , [PERSON] , that's fantastic .	5
And if we could find it , it wouldn't have a tear .	1
I'm glad to know you , [PERSON] .	5
Her goddamn sister tripped and fell in the tub and she went to help .	1
One that will scream in the middle of the night and you'll have to stumble downstairs in the dark and change his soiled diapers .	3
Dopehead mothers . Garbage blood .	3
Or haven't you heard ?	2
This Chinese trade agreement is going to make [LOCATION] voters very happy .	2
It ain't all that easy , son ....	6
Yes , son , I'm afraid .	4
I took the liberty of ordering everything . I didn't know what you'd like .	2
You think I'm beautiful ?	5
You know me ?	2
I will go to the village to speak with our agent because of the counts of the real estate .	1
They contacted me to feel me out , and to tell me what wonderful people they were , and how their founders were really cool guys from [LOCATION] , and what did I know about that .	1
I really liked the idea .	5
Y' all will be reading about this .	2
We tried that route , but we gave up .	6
Hi ! - Hi ! - What the fuck are you doing here ?	7
The most beautiful poetry can be about simple things like a cat , or a flower , or rain .	5
I'll have some clothes brought by tomorrow and your tape cassette thing for your music and a quilt .	8
I've got to get out before he gets back !	4
No , but the mere thought makes my mouth water .	2
We've been waiting ...	2
Me too .	2
Nice .	5
Oh , God , it even has a barn .	7
I'm thinking about my own ass .	5
That's how it works .	1
Most people think they're beautiful dresses on beautiful women .	3
And then he says , l sure hope he was guilty .  Then he laughs . 	1
Hey , that's it .	5
It was always you and me .	5
Stay there and don't move !	1
I love [LOCATION] .	5
I want to be a great dad .	2
You know something ? Off the screen , I don't think I've ever seen you laugh before .	7
Fine !	1
You're afraid of what may happen if the war comes ?	4
Your wife was a wonderful woman , Mr. [PERSON] .	5
So , where are we all off to ?	2
That's what you're always talking about , helping other people out !	1
I'm not coming .	3
Thank you kindly , [PERSON] .	8
He's a tortured , bitterly neurotic man who's finishing life on his own terms .	1
Now I want that fucking Texador .	1
It's ... Not that big a deal .	8
I'll be sick ...	3
Miss [PERSON] is a very good journalist .	8
You only get one pass at it .	7
The things that are done by love !	5
You can stay at my house because nobody really cares about me .	6
He tried to limit the scope of the fingerprint search to exclude his own .	7
I'll be right over .	2
If I'm not on guard every moment , you steal across the border into reality .	4
Do you really want to know ?	7
Haven't seen you here before .	7
I heard he was connected with the government during the war , a spy .	4
Well , then , I'd say the reason that you broke up is important .	8
And with the telling , it became easier .	5
Can't you see how upset I am about my poor uncle's death ?	6
Rely on me , Papa .	8
Who cares where he's going anyway ?	1
And that's why the man is king .	8
He did that night .	3
Every player on that team thinks I'm the greatest .	5
Don't you have any principles ?	3
Isn't it wonderful ?	5
Thanks for telling me .	8
We're pressing for the earliest possible action .	2
There's a face beneath this face . - No !	1
Imagine , [PERSON] , you'll be the first .	2
There's noise coming from upstairs Let's go up for a look	2
The sun's still high , you can try it again .	5
Well , you know , there wasn't much we could do .	6
I'll be yours if you don't kick in with that $ 10 .	8
Just throw our hats in the air .	8
But it soon became obvious that the senor was only mildly interested in the available talent .	1
Damn you !	1
I had no idea !	7
You think so ?	7
You had a shot in Public Domain where you looked at the camera , into me and I loved you .	5
Why , if it isn't our friend the sharpshooter .	7
I got my rights !	1
I just came to escort you home .	8
Get out of here , before I make you beg for your life .	1
[PERSON]'ll hear !	2
It is not educated . Then it repents .	8
In a shootout , five members of one Colombian drug gang were ambushed by their bloody rivals , the Jamaican Voodoo Posse , who escaped without a trace - again making total fools of ...	1
I know that old man .	8
Now , that was probably a mistake because now you're in danger anyway .	4
You must never do anything like that again , ever .	1
Only I didn't create 'em , I heard about 'em from other people .	6
Sorry .	3
Haven't you heard ?	2
The shipment arrives , we nail them .	2
Without [PERSON] , I'll get nowhere .	8
All right , though , innit ?	5
This , you would buy at a store and take it to a party if you wanted to get big laughs .	5
So that at least narrows down where they are right now .	5
Great .	5
You better come back .	8
We exceeded them by , feet .	5
You got bird shit in your hair .	3
I don't suppose it looks like much to a lady ... but I can't help being proud of it .	5
That's the first thing Cross taught me .	8
Take me with you !	8
What the fuck are you eating ?	3
Here's what you're going to do . You're going to go back to [LOCATION] .	8
Love thy neighbour .	8
Nobody's going to come looking for him ?	1
A marriage bed is made for two , but every damn morning , it's the woman who has to make it .	3
Three years I've been waiting to nail your sorry ass .	3
So [PERSON] , make me the drink you made the night [PERSON] was shot .	5
Anyway , I practically had to beg her to take plastic , and you know how backed up that is .	4
At the moment , no .	3
[PERSON] -[PERSON] , how do you do ?	7
Act natural .	4
Spent time making that , you know .	5
Will you come too ?	2
Well , that's it for another day .	5
I'm not getting paid to be undercover , so I work at this garage all day .	1
You can't see him because you're not dead yet .	1
Hey , trust me with your life but not your money or your wife . You're an asshole !	1
I heard some shooting , Sheriff .	4
I'm glad you came down , [PERSON] .	5
Was ?	7
God , she must really love you .	7
I put the kettle on .	2
It's just beginner's luck .	1
If you come with me into the other room , I'll show you my idea ... if you'll show me yours .	2
Uh ... we're just gonna do nothing ?	7
In the reprisal for the shelling of our homes and the murder of our families by American warships .	8
We have to watch these convicts and murderers all the time .	3
Case is here !	5
You're right .	8
What parade ?	7
If you soltáis ... I will kill you .	1
[PERSON]'s no one's friend .	1
I wonder if I'll ever get the knack of it .	6
Yes , I think I do .	5
Since I'm a one - man show around here , I think I'll forgive myself this one time ...	8
What you fail to understand ... is the power of hate .	1
You haven't wasted your time , [PERSON] .	5
Heavens , no !	4
Or am I going mad ?	4
Sergeant , does this mean we're through for the day ?	2
They won't care about one girl when thousands die every day .	1
Let's have some fun .	2
Oh , well , that's a splendid idea , Mrs. [PERSON] .	5
That is outrageous .	7
Come on ! You're gonna break your guitar . Come on .	1
Sent what ?	4
What the hell is this ?	1
It's getting real bright out here .	7
This is the bridal suite ?	7
We are in great danger .	4
It made her sick .	3
Just apply a pint to your body and you're good for hours .	2
We're here to scout , not engage .	3
When a man like Senator [PERSON] gets up and swears that I've been robbing kids of nickels and dimes .	4
Hi , [PERSON] .	2
Case , it strikes me you chose a strange time to tell us this .	7
[LOCATION] and Junior have been kidnapped .	4
No , please , wait !	6
He'd like me and take me with him .	8
The dog's mine to kill , an eye for an eye .	1
No , I would ... I would remember something like that .	6
Take me !	2
Removed ?	4
I'm not coming in there !	1
How far does a girl have to go before you'll notice her ?	6
I'm sorry about your father .	6
Impossible !	7
You see , I was thinking of writing my story , so I bought this book on how to do it .	2
He's peeing on me .	3
I'm expecting great things from you .	2
got a strong back . And a strong desire to escape .	8
They took his heart out .	3
This is not behaving in a company way .	3
A drink comes in pretty handy sometimes .	5
Listen , today is my birthday and the girls give me a party .	7
You couldn't lend us something more like you are wearing , could you ?	3
He ain't gonna put out bucks on a lousy pair .	1
Too bad about those eggs , [PERSON] .	8
[PERSON] , I'd like to hear it speak .	2
No , you're not kidding . Um ...	2
It's gonna cost him more than that .	1
I got a friend bringing some dough .	8
I think it sucks . - What sucks .	1
You bastard !	1
So , I can not imagine , my dear [PERSON] , why you should wish to involve yourself .	7
He was ill , but he has recovered .	5
Get it and no one'll get hurt .	1
He'll get you into more trouble .	1
I like him .	5
I have to kill people to live .	6
He is not only older and wiser but his present trouble has taught him precaution .	8
Nice family you got here .	5
Don't you see they don't need you ?	1
But to speak of this , to anyone , would bring dire consequences .	4
Wham - Bos , go !	2
It breaks my heart .	6
Did I spend 9 , years with matadors not to learn about fear and safety ?	1
This is one sophisticated operation .	8
Even in one of yours , I would have thrown this glass at him .	1
Now this is a fine thing .	5
Oh ... innocence can be hell .	1
What are you trying to do to me ?	1
I got ta get back . Move it back !	4
Rover , this is [PERSON] .	2
There's [PERSON] and [PERSON] going out to yet another birthday party with their new son !  	2
He knows [LOCATION] very well . So , you'll be in good hands .	8
I'd like to know why I'm being shot .	4
I'd like you to ride with us .	2
Remember the Herefords in [LOCATION] ?	2
I need them yesterday .	1
But that's what you got to do .	2
What are the chances of finding that ?	7
He objects , she sustains , every time . The old flame's still burning , huh ?	7
You do not understand .	4
I'm giving the bride away .	8
Well , he really got his monster , didn't he ?	1
I'm anxious to get back to the office .	2
Run away now or I'll kick you .	1
I don't think I want body - to - body contact .	3
I must come clean , though . I I had a man in my bed last night .	6
He's mad . It was an accident .	1
Somebody help me , please .	4
Never talk about [PERSON] .	1
Learn to read , walk , talk , smile , and even fight .	2
They're coming !	4
I bet you've known a lot of lawyers .	2
The only place my parents ever mentioned coming from was overseas .	6
Oh , that bullshit again ?	1
Don't let her order you around .	1
Miss [PERSON]'s feeling a heap better today , Mr. [PERSON] .	5
You won't get my approval on this .	1
That right , mister ?	1
We're here to kick some major league butt .	2
There are people here I haven't seen since high school nor would I want to .	3
Nice and hot , just like you love it .	5
Why don't you like him ?	1
There's nothing more wonderful than children playing , hearing them laughing .	8
As a matter of fact , you look great .	5
We don't know what we're dealing with .	4
Miss [PERSON] is going with you ?	7
Is not no one , who could take care of him ?	6
I think a little mood lighting is appropriate .	2
Sort of , yes , from around the neighborhood .	4
When are you going ?	2
Coffee , sweetheart ?	2
Did you decode the message ?	2
Just like she killed you .	1
Yeah , like what ?	1
Yeah . You should stay , [PERSON] .	8
[PERSON]'s turning six this week but I don't think we'll have a clown this year .	8
Will you shut up ?	1
It's a good idea .	5
You weren't supposed to touch [PERSON] !	3
Jack to the king .	8
knots through the harbour ?	7
Yeah , we know the place .	8
This is great . Thank you . - Cheers .	8
He had to go back to work .	6
I'm glad to help .	5
It put the rope to the neck !	1
Go back to your work .	1
After we get to the capital whatever the emperor does to you is not me responsibility	3
When I came here , I thought this was gonna be a 30 - day stretch , maybe 60 .	7
The whole point is just to enjoy yourself .	5
They ended up deciding that , you know , I could go ahead and do the oral argument .	4
Atreyu , get real !	2
So I say , l don't know . 	6
He'll leave and take the little brat with him .	1
Get off my roof !	1
How come we never met before ? - No idea .	7
But [LOCATION]'s a horrid place .	6
There is to be no retreat , not so much as one millimeter .	1
No , not tonight .	3
Even if it could be your involvement with drugs has vindicated me .	1
Can you keep a secret , hmm ?	8
We're gonna leave you . Do what you have to do .	1
You're more resilient than I gave you credit for .	8
And w - what am I supposed to take your word for being worth ?	1
What is that ?	2
It was a pleasure .	5
As it happens , you are hardly in a position to have anything to say about it .	3
[PERSON] . [PERSON] benham .	5
Never I will understand the women .	6
Poor country ! You sold the [LOCATION] in a senseless war .	6
Oh , my God , what an idiot .	3
Those wicked detectives ...	1
A lady wouldn't work for this outfit .	1
I miss you too .	6
Very soon .	2
You should savor today , [PERSON] .	8
He might even be expecting you .	2
Mommy ...	6
What're you still doing here ?	7
Well , I'd begun to feel that I didn't have any part in your life , that I was an outsider .	6
Because it was my misery .	6
When it's gone we're done feeding ' . - Pass the chicken .	2
We've been doin' real good .	5
Yes , I love you , too . I'll find you some more .	8
Then I danced in tuscaloosa and the Mayor said the nicest things about me .	5
Let's get hot .	5
We were just telling some old war stories .	5
And in my first days , I will reach across party lines and devote my administration , your government , to securing them .	2
Welcome home !	8
So you'd better be a good little girl and eat your porridge .	1
You want to give her another shot at him ?	1
It make me sick .	3
He wants me to stay the whole week .	2
Oh , I'm so sorry , but we just couldn't .	6
She could not have been with [PERSON] .	7
We all have that fear .	8
Mess around with it , and it's going to kill you .	1
You know , it's a lot of legal rigmarole .	3
Why have you no hangover ?	1
I just fought the best fight of my life .	8
[PERSON] , turn me in if you want to . But this is over the line .	1
If it were our plane , it'd be crashing .	1
I wish I could have made her understand .	6
Before we go , you must play the piano for us .	2
The agricultural use is one of the exceptions , fortunately .	5
You think the soldiers are Russian ?	7
I told him you guys wanted out as well .	4
It's too late to start anything now .	4
Get upstairs , miss .	1
He's after me .	4
You gave me some very valuable information .	8
Home sweet home .	5
Bomb !	4
I forgive you .	8
They certainly want you to stay on . It's just , they felt when it came to head of department ...	4
Huh , just as well .	5
People sense these things .	8
It's great .	5
You're not tired .	8
You can see that they are jealous .	5
Then you'll have to have permission .	1
You should ... - What ?	2
I wan na see what he's all about .	2
Get a doctor at once !	4
Nutritionally speaking , it is exquisite .	5
We accept .	8
Your old man's been blasted out of his wheels . And your king - sized brother's been twisted like a pretzel .	3
Well . I didn't ask if it would fit . I asked how much it was .	1
I'll take you home .	8
I had to torpedo him .	3
Till I had to put a stop to that myself !	1
[PERSON] , you're so sweet .	5
Not covet thy neighbor's wife .	4
Come and meet the others .	2
There are people eager to work with you .	8
They say he killed a man when he was 12 , years old .	4
They've got [PERSON] .	4
[PERSON] , didn't you go and bat for me ? It was the owner's call .	1
I'm cold	6
[PERSON] would've fought back .	6
Make your wish .	8
I'm sorry , [PERSON] .	3
Take it easy .	8
I do . I like her a lot .	8
That's a hell of a story , Bell .	7
It's just -- it's hard sometimes .	4
How you going to stop me ?	1
We need to talk .	1
l hate not having eyebrows .	1
What I'm going to do is save Mr. [PERSON] from being embarrassed in open court .	2
A made - to - order paradise .	5
I do not hiding anything .	8
Oh , macaroni and cheese . - Same old story .	6
Well , good to see you boys made it through the war all right .	5
The sun can kill some of us , like [PERSON] .	4
I see white fluffy clouds ...	5
Let me decide what to do with it .	1
What a marvellous woman !	8
Are you sure they're here ?	2
We got this thing won already !	2
My dear lost love !	6
Mrs [PERSON] and I are going on the honeymoon .	2
That's it !	1
Just hold it steady until I tell you .	8
I changed my mind .	4
That's all that matters .	8
Hang tight . Hang tight .	8
It was all over the o'clock news who [PERSON] was , that he was a lawyer for this ... famous gangster named ...	2
There is no evidence .	1
Just look at me . I can't get through that jungle .	4
I'm sorry about the shoes .	6
Another example of the pastoral beliefs you Anglicize .	3
They're both Viennese , both good men .	8
I'm just so scared .	4
I thought she was splendid .	5
He embezzled five million euros and [PERSON] was going to expose him ?	4
[PERSON] , you don't got a forehead , you got a eight - head .	3
No . If [PERSON] were with me ...	6
Old man , why are you carving my name ?	7
You'd better listen to what he said .	1
A manicure and a haircut wouldn't do any harm .	3
I have heard that the King is ....	2
It's not going to go that far .	3
That's better , [PERSON] . I missed you .	8
The A / V guy .	3
[PERSON] , I'm gonna be sick . I'm sorry .	3
I'm just a bit dizzy . Can you stay with me for a bit ?	4
I don't want to complain , but there's an institution called dinner .	1
A map's no good in the outback !	1
I can't believe it .	7
I remember very little of my childhood .	6
[PERSON] , sic him !	4
I'm just not up to my usual self .	6
I hit where I aim .	5
Then they'll meet with you .	2
What are you looking at me like that for ?	1
You've got great timing .	5
Or it's just [PERSON] that smells like street shit over there .	3
Stop it ! You even helped carry the chest out , you liar .	1
Oh , my gosh , she was bubbly and outgoing .	2
Of course . That's it .	2
There can be ...	2
If you're standing where [PERSON] was , you're gonna drown .	4
You can't drive and shoot .	1
You're comfortable .	5
I can't think straight !	4
I didn't know what I was doing .	4
What the hell are we supposed to do with these ?	1
[PERSON] , what have you done my little sister ?	1
You stay out of this !	1
All other movements are restricted .	1
Take care of her , Mr. [PERSON] .	8
Isn't she pretty ?	5
Mr President , what happens to me in the morning ?	4
Get in the truck , kiddo .	8
I thought we could even get you a new dress	2
I am very busy ... please !	3
Oh , m done rehearsing . 	5
These are my favourite toys . Who am I kidding ? They're my only toys .	5
Was the public in danger as a result of the accident ?	4
What is it to you if I leave ?	1
All this talk's just wasting time .	1
I could do with a lot of that .	2
We'll take care of her later , eh ?	2
I suggest you keep that promise .	1
And I don't want someone coming here when you do tell them after you hang up .	3
Contempt for the law , that's what you've got .	3
It is too expensive to maintain , [PERSON] !	6
That'd really get me in trouble .	4
Yes , Father , I'll tell him when he comes back .	8
You're turning into a zombie .	4
Come on over to my place .	2
If they does , I'll guarantee they'll never see nothin' again !	8
Get those bags in , and get in fast !	1
There's nothing wrong with that I hope , sister ?	4
[PERSON] can't ride on that thing , not in her condition .	4
Funny you should say that .	7
( laughs ) I hope isaac is a deep sleeper .	2
Have a good year , [PERSON] .	8
This tureen holds as much sand as we had strawberries tonight .	3
He didn't know ...	6
Who is she ?	7
Easy , brother .	7
Okay , I'll just get my check and I'll be in [LOCATION] before nightfall .	2
Just see how happy the people look from here .	5
Why don't you sit down and have something to eat ?	8
Listen , I've had just about enough of your comedy , clown .	1
It was super quick . Okay , will I see you later ?	2
I am sure you will find her in the fraternity house .	3
That the best you can do ?	1
How about my wrist ?	4
You're over .	1
These people want to disappear more than you do . They won't bother us .	8
We got a thousand man - hours on this . Nobody's walking away .	1
I'm sure that in all [LOCATION] there's no empathicalist as charming as you .	5
No more of such talk , do you hear ?	1
She's good at her job .	8
This ought to be rich .	1
Oh , my god ! For $ , , anyone who put -- puts this here - And pulls the trigger .	7
That's right . It must be .	8
Smuggle their manuscripts out to the [LOCATION] ?	7
If you ever had a sense of humor . When you finish testifying ,	1
Where's the woman ? She's on the train .	2
I would have sent it to you , but I didn't know your address until today .	6
Well , I can tell you some stories .	2
And I could get you your own key .	8
Escape is impossible .	4
[PERSON] ! You thick - headed chunk of fish - bait !	1
Maybe you're right .	8
Don't you have any respect for yourself ?	3
We got ta let him out !	1
Er , you were arrested for being carried by a motor vehicle taken without consent , and resisting arrest .	3
You were right about [PERSON] .	8
There'll be no more talk of the captain being crazy .	1
Will you let go of me !	1
You're probably wondering why I'm here .	7
♪ Of people going by ♪	6
Spare some change ? No .	2
I cheat . So does she . But I cheat better .	5
Fine , fine . Say , [PERSON] , something kind of important has come up ...	6
Stay back !	1
Now , stop distracting me . Bye , [PERSON] .	8
Maybe I'm tired of one - night stands .	6
Isn't she gorgeous ?	5
But I want to be alone .	6
Cos I think that people die sometimes when they don't wan na live no more .	6
We're going to have to go down there and calm everybody else .	8
It's my birthday . I thought I'd invite you for dinner .	2
He's perfect .	5
Everything is part of the great lie .	6
That's wonderful .	5
Ring the alarm !	4
How long before we land ?	2
The majority of children that we see trafficked online have been trafficked on Backpage .	3
And [PERSON]'s sent you about a ton of tea . Well , a couple of pounds .	7
Get Off !	1
British Intelligence showed you the letter for the first time in [LOCATION] ?	2
I think somebody's been daubing these cards .	1
Now , isn't that a charming invitation ?	5
Your blood will be on fire to lead some new command , some far adventure .	2
Not written on those drowned faces out there But on the faces of dead thousands !	4
Don't ever try to come in between , you smart - eyed slob .	3
Hi , maria . - ( sighs )	6
Is he really our cousin ?	7
Really . - Am I no longer allowed to give gifts ?	1
When did you know ?	7
I'm really not sure .	6
Now she's going to [LOCATION] to measure glacial melt . By herself .	4
Don't forget me , [PERSON] .	8
Thanks , little mate .	5
No , I'm glad to meet your daughter .	5
I'll go to the club car to get you something to eat .	5
I didn't say you could move .	6
Fuck .	1
But , they might be ready to make a go of it on their own .	8
Okay .	8
Let's have it .	1
You've got to keep him off us .	4
We should get rid of the kid and buy a new cat !	1
I'm gonna force them into their room , grab their stuff , point the gun in their faces .	1
We are happy to be here .	5
This greaser was just trying to tell me how to run my business .	3
If he said they're here , they'll be here .	8
How do you know it's not you .	7
Under the circumstances , I have to advise [PERSON] not to respond . Clearly , he would like to .	1
We got ta do something !	1
Repeat , destroyers .	4
You're not driving , are you ?	4
Thanks a lot .	5
We'll start with an easy program .	8
So do you draw all the dads and their kids ?	2
He refuses an offer to merge with the New York Trust , the only thing that'll put this bank on safe ground .	1
I can see the exit .	5
I'm not down . You look depressed .	5
Please , [PERSON] .	2
He was afraid of losing his job .	4
Don't you stay up too late , OK ?	8
Mommy ! Mom !	8
I promised my body to a woman tonight .	2
That's kinda sick , huh ?	1
Time was I'd squeeze a pimple like you .	3
They'll contact you when they're ready to fence their goods .	2
I didn't ask you , [PERSON] .	1
He's the fox in the henhouse !	4
Oh , shit .	4
Your breath stinks .	3
And Shooter , Lady Fingers and me just carried them right here .	8
You don't have to thank me .	8
Good to see you again , friend .	5
Wait a minute !	1
Enough with the water .	1
Close your mouth , dear .	1
Well , no , but it's got potential .	8
Read what the critics say ... wonderful !	5
How can you be so inhuman ?	3
The choices I made .	1
Shut up , [PERSON] .	1
Don't give up , mate !	4
Wasn't that wonderful ?	5
If he can't find enough facts to break you with , I'll give him a couple .	3
I got enough to put you away for a long vacation . So like it or not , as of now you're working for me , understand ?	1
I'll never forget how I laughed when I saw you as [PERSON] .	5
I am a swan !	5
Do I have something on my face ?	4
Has any of my client's DNA actually been found on the victim .	1
A composer ?	2
I'll see you downstairs .	8
I hope that you will uphold justice	8
How do you know what I want ?	6
You sure are pretty .	5
Stop yelling .	1
I always think candlelight's so romantic .	5
You and [PERSON] make two nice goddesses .	5
Idle money is no good to industry .	1
This is just plain suicide , sir .	4
There . You see ? Someone else who knows that it's wrong .	2
I've got to get up .	1
I thought you'd be old .	7
For four years , and now it's over . For four years , I've invited the guests and bought the favors and provided the entertainment and cleaned up the dirt and paid off the waiters and paid off the cops and paid off the papers and paid off the guests .	3
How did you know I was here ?	7
Now , how about I fix your breakfast ?	2
You want to kill yourself ... fine with me .	1
They'll shit down their pants and run like rabbits .	3
Good . Get up there , help [PERSON] with the pig get your car and you're out of here . Get ready .	1
All that Latino macho shit .	1
I am varsity captain as a freshman .	8
Let's get outta here !	1
But I just laughed and begged them to keep on doing it !	5
I love my brother .	8
I've been in all night .	6
Don't tell me you've left it up there .	7
And don't mess with nobody's girlfriend .	8
You're not going to marry him ?	7
Yeah , I'm afraid it is , [PERSON] .	6
You're doing good .	8
And they should , you know ... American people can handle the truth .	8
Isabelle !	5
And these people in the union are smarter than what they used to be .	1
I'll stay with you , Dix .	8
Bad dog !	3
The present danger is ended .	8
Mitä nyt ? , [PERSON] , please .	1
[PERSON] ? Put that gun down .	4
They were sailors , same as me ... Slaughtered by that monster You're tryin' to make friends with .	1
You know our man fucked up a couple feds on the out ?	1
I know his voice well enough .	8
Goodbye , [PERSON] !	5
There's some action at a place in [LOCATION] .	2
So it must have been important .	8
Yes , yes ? Is it true that priests and nuns Have orgies in the [LOCATION] ?	2
Get it through your head , or you and me are both gone too .	4
Guard them with your life .	8
Nothing ever really dies in the House .	1
C'mon ! Hurry !	2
Thank you for a lovely evening .	5
Yeah , and the husbands are happy .	5
Oh , I've been hearing about you for a couple of years now .	2
Answer my question .	1
Who do you think it is ?	7
But until we figure it out , it may be a good idea for you to stay at home .	4
You just enjoy your wine . I know , you've told me .	5
Get off ! - Outside , please .	1
I went crazy .	6
Don't come apart on me now .	4
It means , um ... if you say anything about this , - your ass is grass . - Okay .	1
I'm saved !	5
He bought it the day following his appointment to the Senate and is using his privileged office for his own personal profit !	3
What's keeping you ?	1
I can't breathe !	4
We can't stop at anything until we've smashed this yokel ...	3
You're an operator , not a policymaker . Get used to it .	3
You'll do it from the deck of a ship in command of a task force .	8
Sleep well .	8
I love you , my little [PERSON] .	5
l want to see her .	1
Six months ago , who'd have thought we'd be spending Christmas together ?	7
Oh , it's just surprising .	7
You deserve this , [PERSON] .	2
That's the only chance you got left .	6
Oh , it's swell !	5
You bloody liar !	1
As if he'd taken a thousand - pound load off his back .	5
You're just some fucking pussy . Fucking pussy !	1
[PERSON] , are we leaving ?	7
An arsonist is a person that sets buildings on fire for profit or perverse excitement .	3
If we can force them to come in and face us , we might actually have a chance to overpower them and escape .	2
What about chatting these two birds up , then ?	2
There's not enough bleach to burn the stench of you away , [PERSON] .	1
Hey , you son of a bitch ! What the -- ?	1
Oh , thank God .	5
Ready for testing .	2
I was looking after your interests .	8
I wish you could spend some time with him .	6
Do you like that one ? - Yeah .	5
There's a lot of us who'd ride with you .	8
Do you feel better now that you're eating ?	2
It is not your place to judge .	1
My sweetheart gave it to me .	5
I'll be damned .	7
All I got is what you see here .	6
Just get out .	1
[PERSON] said to tell the old man - I'm sorry , sir , the captain - that he'd better start thinking about a tow .	4
I don't approve of people rushing around carrying loaded revolvers .	3
Help , I'm slipping !	4
Don't be such a noodle .	1
I was thinking my partner had gone over the edge .	4
Cleaning up your shit .	1
I adore it !	5
It was the only game I could find where I wasn't holding markers on somebody .	7
It's wonderful .	5
I should have taken the bus .	1
Things like that are none of our business .	1
Could have used this a week ago .	1
Could you give me the number of the sorority house ?	8
I wan na see you .	2
Ah , thank you .	5
Will you be okay if I go up to bed ?	4
Well , make up a time . You know , a time like you know .	1
Don't tell me that you're above temptation .	1
God keep us , keep us all .	4
Once you had the look for me of an exquisite lady .	5
There will be no liberty for three months .	1
Warden , if you don't stop , I'll have to ask you to leave .	1
What are good friends for anyway ?	8
I might be able to accommodate you .	8
Aren't you tired , [PERSON] ?	7
This is murder .	1
Go ahead , bet your sixes , buster .	2
I will follow the Senator's example and refuse to remain in this chamber as long as that man holds the floor !	1
What are you doing ? All right , come on .	7
Did you think I was a lady ?	7
So that's what you came to see me about ?	7
It was horrible for him .	6
They're hollow and empty .	3
I want to do everything I can to make your job easier .	8
I'm glad you're here to see nothing goes wrong .	8
He might be able to make up some kind of a case , but it would cost money .	2
You touch her , and the Food and Drug Administration gets you for fuckin' food .	3
Are they all hollow shells ? !	7
I'll tell you something I read once , [PERSON] .	2
[PERSON] , you said that if [PERSON] came up dirty , you won't take him in .	4
I don't think I've seen you before .	7
Besides , according to your story , you weren't exactly 100 % scientist after you took it .	1
!	1
Hello , sweetheart !	5
You don't know a dam from a bathtub .	3
Your old man's a punk .	3
Hi , [PERSON] . I'm sorry I didn't get to send you a card yet about your wife .	6
It's a lot of time , especially when it stands still with loneliness .	6
So after 129 , hours of being buried alive , at last , freedom seems in sight .	5
Darling , tell me , when are you to announce the exciting news about [PERSON] ?	2
% ? !	7
That's terrible !	4
You didn't think I was dead , too , did you ? [PERSON] .	1
Killed the pain all right , but he almost died .	4
Why are you crying , Mistress [PERSON] ?	6
I think I love you .	8
Sure , but that's good , too .	5
But , sir , when the job's done , who knows if we can return by this route or whether we could find you if we did ?	4
Is there something I can do for you , ma'am ?	8
I'll get you loose . - It's a trap .	8
Are you vulnerable to him in any way ?	3
It's against Navy regulations .	1
And the smell -- it lingers , you know .	3
He likes to kick the shit out of white trash like you , boy .	3
Coffee's ready .	5
Poor [PERSON] never did have no luck with men .	6
Where would we like it ?	2
I really am nice , but you act like a fool around me .	6
It feels wonderful !	5
How can I sleep when they stole my children ?	4
Maybe it'll take a few months , maybe a year .	2
Why is she still walking around ?	1
This technology would liberate Earth from fossil fuels , environmental devastation , and poverty in a single generation .	8
Well , I guess that's it , then , huh ?	2
Hail , fellowship !	5
Don't fuck with me , you know ?	1
All she do is waggle her hips and shake her behind .	3
You're both so complicated .	3
I'm taking the next plane home .	2
In the ?	2
Whatever I was , that was a long time ago .	6
Deeply grateful .	8
I don't believe it ! He was down and out and finished !	7
Please . Please listen to me .	4
It'll be history .	8
Well , that's as good a way to go through life as any other , isn't it ?	5
Let 'em have it !	1
I thought that was you .	7
Pleased to meet you .	8
I sponsored him in the Senate .	8
Good luck , all right ?	8
The cockroaches here are of the best quality	8
It's a glitch in your system .	7
Did I do something wrong ?	4
Easy . What is it ?	2
Alas ... Scalpel .	1
And I'll get even better after the wedding .	2
She's got many men in her life , and they take her to lots of different clubs .	5
I'm happy to get out of this madhouse .	5
Get one more car done and we'll see .	3
I'm sorry . I'm sorry .	6
Girly , let's go !	2
I can have you arrested !	1
Meaning what , that I have no money ? - l don't know .	1
It is so wonderful to meet the uncle of darling little Junior .	5
It's all that's left of him now . Just a box of bits and pieces .	3
Mine , mine , mine , mine , mine , mine ...	2
What , are you smuggling furs or something ?	7
But I think you'll enjoy his game .	2
Look , the tone of this is so unprofessional .	1
Come to the beach tomorrow .	2
Stay away from me !	1
They're ready .	8
No , [PERSON] ! Don't !	4
Can you do me a favor and tell mom I'm okay And I'm not coming home .	8
Yes . I'd never have guessed .	6
Think he gives a damn about me if the watch backfires ?	1
I'm strong , snappy , loving .	5
That's fine .	8
I don't care about [PERSON] !	1
This is what it is , [PERSON] .	3
Oh , [LOCATION]'s top of the pops these days .	8
Look , I was a bit of an asshole .	6
You worked with [PERSON] , [PERSON] and them guys .	8
Look you're better here coping than in a clinic giving up . You're gonna be out here eventually coping anyway .	8
Come back , here !	1
You never spoke about it .	7
You're too smart for this .	8
You're not gonna give him a chance , are you ?	4
No , don't touch that !	4
What's this doin' in your ear ?	7
It's not going to be a problem , is it , [PERSON] ?	4
Will you promise ?	8
( Coughing ) Do you know you're out of your mind ?	8
But you'll never find another [PERSON] .	6
Or merely a lack of imagination ?	2
I thought I gave you plenty of time to ...	7
Anybody could be wrong .	4
This was not the plan .	4
It turns out that [PERSON] , in his early career , actually spoke and wrote about UFOs in a way that was affirmative , that was legitimate .	8
Nothing's ... ever right .	6
They send me home a hero and I say wonderful things about them back in the [LOCATION] .	5
You play , you pay .	1
Don't you call my husband ...	3
It's blackmail , pure and simple .	3
What good is that gonna do if the people who run this government don't have access to the programs ?	1
I can't afford the wheels .	6
Are you buried alive ? No .	4
[PERSON] ? How'd I get here ?	4
You let everyone sit around while you took your petty revenge ?	3
It's bad .	8
Oh my God ! You guys are all a bunch of freaks .	7
At that rate , we only have three weeks .	4
He must have killed a man .	2
You think the clowns took him up and hung him in the yard ?	3
I like him so much .	8
One last compliment , okay ?	2
I'm flying under false colours , Miss [PERSON] .	3
This is dreadful !	6
Fuck you , [PERSON] .	1
I will not return to prison .	1
She's dying .	6
Smash everything ! Rip it , tear it , rip it ...	1
Some soda . Can I have a soda ?	2
Hey , buddy boy !	2
Give him quinine and stop pretending you're [PERSON] .	1
You know , you remind me more and more of my first husband .	1
He's cute .	5
He's no use to no one !	1
Decker won't tell anyone .	8
We only have minutes on safe window of operation .	2
You admire the son of a bitch .	8
What's more to the point , that money was next year's budget for the Drug Rehabilitation Clinic .	1
Go to your girlfriend's or a hotel , but don't come home .	3
Gim me my coat !	1
Everybody is afraid here .	4
We'll be out of this tunnel in a minute .	2
Let me ask you something .	2
Who would he choose ?	7
Come over here and nobody gets hurt . OK , OK .	1
Come on , come on , don't drop it ...	8
Somebody moved it .	1
You ought to know your way around here pretty well .	8
Jefe , wake up !	2
You're going down	1
I think that I'm pretty enough , but I would not want to be that kind of star .	6
No , I just thought we could spend the day together .	6
She was so excited to see her mother .	5
So what'd you do ?	4
That would be risking your neck .	4
Look , I was never at [PERSON]'s house .	1
If he resists , arrest him .	2
Put him in my custody right now !	1
Rocky , I'm sorry .	6
* Uh-oh uh-oh ... Why did you take down the [LOCATION] Lace number ?	4
Grab him .	2
Maybe we've forgotten how to hope .	6
I've written it for you .	8
She doesn't care .	1
It's three years since my last confession .	4
We were deserving the money , anyway .	1
Find out where they take the cash .	1
What if an RD conks out ?	6
Hello , sunshine !	5
What does that say ?	2
Open the door , asshole !	1
Everything's funny to you , ain't it , needle nose ?	3
Children , I have bad news for you .	6
He's such a sweet thing .	8
It's hard to believe , isn't it ?	7
I wouldn't have had it any other way .	5
God !	7
Fucking cops !	4
It's a shame , isn't it ?	3
Well , I'm no loser .	1
Sucker .	1
Oh , he didn't do it for you , [PERSON] .	1
Why , what is the matter with you ?	1
Not your boychick , yeah ?	1
I think my cook has managed guess what I like .	8
I ain't talking about that crap !	1
Yes , I have .	8
Oh , my !	7
There's gonna be a great deal that we're gonna be able to accomplish , the three of us .	2
You don't bring enough men with you .	4
Until last year , when he met a British publisher who spoke to his heart .	8
It makes my heart sad .	6
Did you bring some gold with you ?	2
These are death row inmates !	4
I'm gonna kill it .	1
I couldn't ...	4
No ! You know what you're full of , [PERSON] ? Sin !	6
How about we go and have a. . .	5
I fear the wrath of God .	4
What the hell happened in there ?	1
You know what happens to stragglers .	3
Martial law .	4
She's not a spy .	8
Well , I - I believe ... I believe things have gone far enough .	4
I had made the first real enemy of my life .	4
Yeah , we're on our way there .	2
You mean , people can hear me now ?	7
You don't see what's happening .	1
However many questions you ask , you never expect an answer .	1
Very loyal .	8
The reason you never take your wallet out at a ball game or anyplace else is that someone's gonna steal it from you .	4
Tell him you're not going , tomorrow morning or ever .	6
Listen , I'm trying to make a living here .	2
Paige ...	1
I'll fly tomorrow to [LOCATION] and tell you all I know .	8
This is your shit bucket , folks .	3
Stop ! Who goes there ?	1
How beautiful they are	5
I don't think everybody goes through life thinking about child sex trafficking in the [LOCATION] .	6
Hope you'll be there .	2
And a special welcome to Mayor [PERSON] and the outgoing administration .	2
Will you leave me a few for a room and something to eat ?	8
Here they come !	2
Yeah , you're just kidding .	1
Only when the weapons were used at [LOCATION] and [LOCATION] did the government disclose what they were .	1
I am the one who cuts the throats of the Communists .	2
It's good .	5
That's a fair question .	8
You've overlooked several other important details .	1
Well , we're all sinners in here .	6
I know you will .	2
You and me rode into this county together .	8
It's your fault .	3
You've forgotten , this is the th century .	6
You've put us all in danger for your love of this woman .	1
You sure you want to do this ?	7
Easterner speaks with forked tongue .	3
If you wan na survive , you got ta slip the jab .	8
Where is everybody ?	7
I mean , I realize you don't have to answer me , but don't forget I helped you into this world , okay ?	8
We will go as fast as you .	8
He's an idiot .	1
Admiral's party approaching .	3
You mind if I change , honey ?	2
I don't think [LOCATION]'s ever coming back , [PERSON] .	6
And I love this movie ,	5
You mean you're trading in your horse for a wagon ride ?	7
Where's a good place ?	2
Dad , did you know your bones grow three times as fast at night ?	8
Kelly's dead ?	4
You're jealous that I have [PERSON] , and you've come to take it from me .	1
You slimy toad .	3
I will complete the task . Out .	8
How perfectly lovely .	5
I got it !	5
We'll have to find new opportunities .	2
So maybe if I screw you and take you to the opera , then I can be happy . Hey !	5
I go back to [LOCATION] today .	2
I'm sick and tired of this delay .	6
Well , if he can ...	6
This is only going to make it worse for you .	1
Yeah ? The last time you assured me , I lost good men in the [LOCATION] .	1
Fail !	6
You were going to give me that statue .	2
[PERSON] , give me the nails over there !	1
Don't be an idiot .	1
All right , I'll tell him .	8
He wants to die !	4
At that point , I pulled out the phone book and I started contacting attorneys .	2
Well , I don't . And I don't need this .	1
You , who can keep neither your eyes nor your nose or your person where they belong !	3
He owes me $ , and won't pay up .	1
Never , in any crisis of your life , have I known you to have a handkerchief .	7
My life is none of your business .	1
Yeah , I got it .	8
She'll never make another picture .	1
You didn't say grace .	1
And if I refuse to sign it ?	1
I'm going to have to leave this place real soon , thanks to you .	1
♪ years old ♪	5
Unfortunately , Professor [PERSON] is dead .	6
Who else worries about another male like that except a [GAY SLUR] ?	3
It's no good .	6
Time could not mar the perfect symmetry of those walls .	5
[PERSON] , there's no way the DA handles a case like this himself just because I work for you .	1
Let me see .	2
What the hell do you want ?	1
Thank you for making me a Human Being .	8
Every little sin and misdemeanour , raked over and over .	3
They took the one with the collar ?	1
I was holding her in my arms ...	4
Probably not , hon , but somebody else's folks will be ... all that sand to brush off .	1
But I'll meet you at the [LOCATION] movie theatre .	2
It's time you woke up to your responsibilities .	3
Listen , I've got something for you .	8
Everything that could go wrong was considered .	8
Everybody's waiting .	2
Nevertheless , I still believe that you love .	8
Not a victim , [PERSON] -- a target , like you .	4
Do it right away .	2
All right . Let's go .	1
What the hell does that mean ?	1
A sequined gown dragging me down .	6
I'm sorry , I'm sorry .	6
Would you like to go out to grab a burger and then go to the movies or something ?	2
As far as I'm concerned , a coconut hit you on the mouth .	7
I would call ... revenge .	1
Seventeen to you , [LOCATION] .	3
What on earth have they been doing to you ?	7
My dad's gone , too .	6
Do exactly what I tell you and there won't be any problems .	1
I absolutely do not wan na hear about it .	1
I hardly consider it fortunate to be bought by anyone by the name of [PERSON] .	3
King [PERSON] says not only do I have to kill you ,	4
And I want a list of everybody's budgets , research accounts and financials on my desk by tomorrow .	1
You're ruining it !	1
Please , I'm begging you .	4
You British insult easy . Can't catch one of these cruds passing up a buck .	1
[PERSON] thinks he's a smart - ass .	3
This is gonna be so great !	2
Tell them to get the hell out of there .	1
Never forgets a bra size .	2
Go ahead , you can be frank .	8
We've been kicking ass for 200 , years !	5
He used a grenade ?	7
You're all worthless and weak !	3
I can hear the fat lady singing , [PERSON] . I can hear her singing .	2
I've isolated her forever .	3
I asked you to dance three times and you didn't wan na .	6
Someone at [LOCATION] gave or sold highly secret research material to four competitive firms .	3
That makes no sense .	3
It's for you , the famous [PERSON] .	8
Think I should go out with [PERSON] ?	8
He's ready for a fall .	3
We're going to be killed !	4
He died kind of slow .	6
Are you trying to say something ?	7
Even though we were close , even though you betrayed me , and I trusted you , I would never harm you .	8
If we yield to blackmail from this man , we'll become a laughing stock !	4
And the more dangerous you are , the shorter the options on your future .	4
Hmm , it's a nice place .	5
A strange ship was sighted running out of the storm .	4
If you tell anyone who is not in this room about this project , this bullet has your name on it , and it will find you .	1
Hold on , there .	2
It could be .	2
Come in .	2
You would like to see them , wouldn't you ?	2
When my sister sees you she'll be so happy for me	2
You were right .	8
If you'd like to come with me . Yes .	8
Mark : Once upon a time , there was a little boy named isaac	8
We're not running low , are we ?	4
Hi , nice to meet you .	2
All you need now is a divorce , and your dreams of [PERSON] can come true .	2
Please don't do this to me .	4
Dad , I met this really nice girl today .	5
Och , you don't want to let them worry you .	8
More chanting ! Father !	2
Louder !	1
So we eliminate women , old men and kids .	3
Who wears a thing like that ?	7
There will be no further mistakes from the officers and crew .	3
Judge , may we approach ?	3
She loved racing .	5
I can smoke you out of there easy .	1
Not exactly .	6
I was shot up pretty bad .	4
I'm surprised at you !	7
I'll kill you .	1
Our train leaves early tomorrow morning .	2
Great principles don't get lost once they come to light .	5
We must leave tonight .	6
You hurt me . Yes .	1
You want to give the bankers good news tomorrow .	2
You're doing fine , all right .	5
Look how nicely she has arranged the table .	5
The question is abusive .	3
I'll make amends .	8
If I didn't love these boys so much , I think I'd kill them myself .	3
Cut the shit .	1
So do you want eggs or not ?	1
And then , of course , there was the unexpected and , I must say , regrettable suicide of [PERSON] .	6
Sometimes I think you don't even know I live here .	6
It's you .	4
My father died of a heart attack .	6
Someone we know ?	7
I've got a piece to speak and blow hot or cold , I'm gonna speak it !	1
First , take him to the station .	1
Take care of my son here .	8
Are we here at the mechanic ?	7
Hey , I bet you'd look good in one too .	8
We can't cover for him , [PERSON] .	1
Makes rude gestures at people doing their socialist duties .	3
In fact , I'm just about to haul nuggies .	5
It don't hurt having ' an angel on your side .	8
It's for a good cause .	5
You must have one idea for the good of the country .	3
Lieutenant , what exactly happened here ?	8
I am afraid of murder .	4
I'm not gonna sit here and be accused of things without any evidence !	1
But ...	2
Hasn't God forgiven me , thanks to you ?	8
Is there anybody here ?	2
Not even the pleasure of seeing you free ... Can make up for this ... This disgrace to the cause of justice .	1
We booked two seats , but we need three .	3
Silly old man looking after that young thing .	1
[PERSON] , what do we do now ?	2
How about yourself ? - Cool .	2
Trying to make her think her husband is still alive .	6
This is a man's world , a brutal world .	6
You've taken advantage of my wife .	1
I'm proud of you !	8
How come there is no fire in the room ?	4
Turn me loose and get out .	1
I made some dumb mistakes ...	3
You're hopelessly outnumbered	4
If I hadn't seen you on the news , I wouldn't have known who his partner was .	2
If you come back , I promise I'll never do anything naughty again .	8
lt's good you told me . lt's very brave .	5
Now , you mind if I dance with your wife ?	2
This one's already taken .	3
If you won't give it to me , I'll shoot .	1
I won't have this conversation carried on by the children .	1
Hey ! Guess what ?	2
Thanks for lending it to me .	8
I need to get up to see some people named [PERSON] .	2
What might be the first reaction ?	2
You can't sit . Not till you pay the fare .	1
Might not get another chance .	6
Why isn't he at his desk ?	7
But you haven't had much respect for them .	3
I love you , [PERSON] .	5
I know what these jerks are like .	8
They look like giants .	4
Don't make me feel like this .	6
Watch your manners .	3
I can try .	2
I'm so glad we could talk .	5
God better help them and help you , too .	8
That's absurdly hypothetical .	6
I think you've solved the problem .	8
You and that winning personality of yours .	8
Just another white guy waiting for the train .	3
I have information for you .	2
Ladies and gentlemen , the famous [PERSON] has gladly consented to sing a few songs for us tonight .	2
You know , ten Colombians and Scorpios armed to fuck all .	1
You have exact change ?	2
My God , stop him !	4
Did the kids get to eat all right ?	8
She puts the same information out there , Collects her paycheck , and somehow she sleeps at night .	3
Oh , my boobs are killing me .	3
I got a man here that sailed on the Golden Arrow And lived to tell about it .	7
Sephardic .	1
Man , they'd lock me up from now to [PERSON] .	4
I guess there's this part of me that hopes he doesn't even make it ...	4
Captain , we're in serious trouble .	4
I don't know , the words just slipped out .	7
Oh , monkey . - ( laughs )	5
Surprise !	5
I was the opposite . I was angry .	4
He's a contemptible little pervert who's ...	3
I strongly suggest you don't mess with G - Fresh anymore !	1
[PERSON] was good to me .	8
The last time this witch went to a party , she made the princess prick her finger with a spindle and fall asleep for years .	1
Don't hit daddy .	4
He was my only boy , and I love him so much .	8
No ! By God , you may not !	1
I am the lie .	6
You think I don't know why you got me down here on this cockamamie case ?	1
NCMEC has a slightly different view of its interactions with [PERSON] .	6
In other words , you don't know ?	7
I didn't know anything about this .	6
No , you don't know what it is .	1
If I could only close my eyes for a few hours .	6
Get out of my way !	1
I will be punished , and I should be punished .	4
Are you a fool or a mutineer ?	2
I'm afraid Scraps will have to be shot .	6
The hero of 50,000 , boys and 100,000 , parents .	8
[PERSON] , bring some of that stuff .	2
They're pretty hopeless .	6
Our steamroller methods are getting too hard for your sensitive soul ?	3
He don't know the streets .	1
They're okay .	5
Terribly disappointed . It's the last thing I owned .	6
LEAVE THE DOOR UNLOCKED , UNDRESS , SHOWER , BLINDFOLD YOURSELF AND COME TO BED	8
Do something !	1
Hope this thing don't go off while I'm climbing down .	4
You're gonna even that out , aren't you ?	1
What do you want to see tonight ?	2
It sounds ridiculous , but the soldiers never lifted a hand to stop us .	7
Your father always called him the house genius .	8
I command thy putrid spirit Be banished from this child's soul .	1
Ma'am , I don't know how to put into words the sorrow I feel .	6
Did you not once direct [PERSON] and [PERSON] ?	2
Two destroyers hit by mines ...	6
Pervert .	3
Why do you say that ?	7
What's the deal here ? You used to work here or something ?	1
I beg your pardon ? I leave tomorrow morning for [LOCATION] .	1
I didn't mean to kill him .	4
You're a crazy son of a bitch , [PERSON] , but we're with you .	8
If you hadn't promised so faithfully , I wouldn't have planned the whole thing .	1
That's the first encouraging thing you've said .	7
Shut up , [PERSON] !	1
You see that gun in his hands ?	4
A nice one , maybe .	5
At night the executioner can't tell one from another	4
It was nice of you to break your date .	5
And a right good one .	5
I've got some good wine .	5
You could tell it was for real , because they never even gave out interviews about getting married .	8
You sound like a rug salesman .	8
We know you're sad , buddy , but you got ta go to school .	6
He'll lay out the plan of operation for you .	2
Thanks , [PERSON] .	8
I've never told you how to live it and never interfered .	1
And when that bill passed , I was so proud .	8
Because it is in love with her , clear .	5
You won't tell anyone you saw me in there , will you ?	8
Isn't it possible that some sort of external intelligence , some discarnate entity , has crossed into our plane of existence ?	4
Go dry yourself , [PERSON] .	1
Yeah , I'd like to burn it out of my mind .	6
More than two ?	7
Poor [PERSON] .	6
It's like that time in [LOCATION] when he made me walk ... stripped down to only my long - handles and my hat .	4
She's turnin' around !	5
Well , if his books are any indication , he has lived quite a life .	7
Take our offer .	8
Don't push me too far , [PERSON] .	1
I've got it ...	2
Barley's got three chances to make contact .	8
I want to help out people that I like .	2
Good night , [PERSON] . Good night . - Good night .	8
Wh ... what do you want me to do , pa ? Git another girl ?	4
Run , [PERSON] !	4
Now we're even .	8
If you have any last words , say them now .	1
But [PERSON] told me she was with you .	7
Too many passengers , I'm afraid .	6
Decker's been calling again .	1
Why did you say [PERSON]'s better ?	1
Let me me go somewhere else . I'm sick .	6
Why can't I play with you ?	6
Right , that's better , it's closer .	5
Break every mirror in the palace .	1
Darling , you're so good to me .	5
Ha ha !	7
Any favours that I do for you don't need any payment .	8
Maybe she even killed my partner , [PERSON] .	1
Professor ?	7
A little further .	2
Touch me and I'll sue .	1
Thank you all for makin' it unanimous .	8
Look , in what I do , there are sometimes pressures .	4
It's too late to think of him .	6
I wonder what's on the television ?	2
Which is fine , because you really never could have had me anyway .	5
Then he divorced my mother to be with another woman . And he took his money with him .	1
In my mind's eyes I see three circles joined in priceless , graceful harmony .	5
The fact that you don't drink at all , [PERSON] , is the greatest argument for drunkenness I know .	1
I'm not a complete stranger . More like a relative one . Like family .	8
You're goddamn right you got the wrong room .	1
There were others . Most of them are still with me .	8
Our island is peaceful .	5
Come on , man . I feel fucked up already .	1
Of what it is of use ?	2
Well , I never thought I'd see the day .	7
It's too dangerous , it's utterly unpredictable .	4
Some things you just don't tell anybody .	1
It's pretty awful .	1
Today you are full - fledged ensigns .	8
I'll call when I'm through with [PERSON] .	2
Violin , soccer , track , friends , uh ... memories with my brother and sister playing .	5
New places , new people and new sites of interest .	2
Vamos !	1
Maybe you can talk this over later in private , maybe .	4
It's hard to believe that you haven't had sex for 200 , years .	7
But I'm not out of danger yet .	4
I'm gonna see it if I have to go blind trying .	1
Where is this manuscript ?	2
The lady comes in sudden and she's got this gun .	4
He's a big fish . Buys me time .	8
You hit the books tonight and I'll listen to you tomorrow .	8
Don't embarrass me in front of [PERSON] .	4
You son of a bitch .	1
So what do you want from me ? Huh ?	1
Have them send me up some roast chicken and chocolate pudding .	2
It sounds to me like you have an agenda .	4
This is a mistake .	3
If I thought I made you feel like that , I'd kill myself .	3
I suppose she means well .	4
Get in the drawing room , lock the door . Don't let anybody in . Don't answer for anybody , all right ?	4
My back is getting bad .	6
I'll never eat fish again .	3
Yes , she did . I speak to your secretary more than I speak to you .	3
It's useless .	3
His uncle helped to design the original lunar module that put the first men on the moon .	8
Yes , sir , my apologies .	6
He is an integral part of the defense .	8
But inevitably , there comes a time for waking up , even for us .	2
All happened on your watch .	1
[PERSON] , I no longer trust .	3
But how can there be a question ?	7
I'm gonna fuck you up .	1
It's gonna take some getting used to , isn't it ?	2
Hundreds and thousands of them died .	6
You gave him a plane without checking with Operations ?	1
What are you gonna do all by yourself ?	7
Save me from my enemies .	8
He needs someone to underwrite the paper . Find out who .	2
Is he always like that ?	7
That is some horse .	7
Hello , sailor !	8
Come on ! Let's go !	2
I thought you were dead . I thought I was on my own . You come prancing in here with your fancy I.D.	1
Don't think I'm too scared of [PERSON]'s gang to do what's necessary .	1
I can't wait to see their faces light up .	2
Even when we rehearsed it , I felt something sad and tender .	6
Happiness is something I know nothing about .	6
It won't take that long .	8
I'm playing with you .	5
I sent you all those letters .	7
So many people are not interested in changing the laws in regards to the internet .	1
[PERSON] was just telling us what cojones he got .	2
You can't take the car !	1
You know , we might actually have a voice that would do something .	2
We don't wan na miss her , boy , we wan na get there first .	2
And the [LOCATION] had great plans for me .	2
We're gonna freeze to death .	4
You can Do better .	1
[LOCATION] was easier !	8
You suffered severe brain trauma .	6
I told him my problem , I told him I loved you and he told me to keep my trap shut .	6
They haven't even been touched !	7
Here on the ocean floor is the only independence .	2
[PERSON] , I never did thank you for hauling me out of that river .	8
There and then before the gods , you made a pact only death could break .	8
So why didn't you invite [PERSON] ?	7
This thing isn't here for decoration .	1
You don't have to hold yourself back anymore , [PERSON] .	2
I like my side of the courtroom . The pay is not so good , but the air is a lot better .	5
Now , we must act immediately .	2
That's some ride , huh ?	7
Breathe normally , And ease out slowly . Ready ?	4
Let's get hold of this [PERSON] before the others do .	1
Yeah , well , he's busy , you know . I didn't want to make waves .	8
They can not be here , so we ask you to consider them in your decision .	8
She was nothing ... nothing human .	4
I brought you these and a poem I wrote for you .	2
No , you're fucking lying .	1
No , [PERSON] .	6
You can be proud .	8
No , jocelin , listen to me , I -- - no , it's just --	1
You want what you want when you want it .	3
Pretty , huh . But I'm perfect .	5
Come on , then !	1
We voted you best officer to be marooned on a desert island with .	3
I was not jealous .	1
Daisy's leaving you .	6
What do you do for a living ?	2
This is very kind of you , Mr. [PERSON] .	5
She's on her way . - Fine .	1
They all coldcocked me .	1
Thank goodness you're all right .	5
Excuse us for interrupting . We're from the Rescue Aid Society .	8
So I'm trying to help her .	2
Remember to chew them well , okay ?	8
But that's what's so marvelous .	2
I love a coward !	5
[PERSON] , don't go to him !	4
Calm down , chica . She only owes me more .	7
See , you may have differences with me ...	8
Why did you ever go there at all ?	7
[PERSON] , you fool !	3
He looks like a little boulevardier .	5
I want to die .	6
I'll be fine .	2
You would've been tough . Very tough .	8
It was self - defence , for [PERSON]'s sake !	1
We're going on a big ship across the ocean and take you home .	2
That's darn cordial of you .	5
Viktor is a wonderful person .	5
It was disapproved of by the Party .	1
Cheers , [PERSON] .	5
Good evening , lieutenant .	5
Shoot , Lieutenant .	1
Because I want to .	8
Who had given me knowledge , my expensive one .	2
It is my prison .	3
Now , I really think this is a good place to start looking .	2
It must be serious .	4
That little gal means more to me than the whole wide world , Shooter .	8
[PERSON] accuses [PERSON] of introducing a boys camp bill for his own profit !	1
Best news I heard all year .	5
That's the way to do it .	8
I'll be a good boy .  	8
Now listen to me . This pig has cheated me out of $ million in cash .	1
Right now !	1
I got faith in you .	8
I was once one of those pitiful wretches you see down there .	3
She's upset about something .	6
What about him ?	7
My ambition is to win all your contracts , own this club and run it my way .	2
Keep it .	1
I triangulated her cell .	5
Oh , you're gonna like this one .	2
Hey , look .	7
Goodbye , Mom .	6
The Delta [PERSON] house is having a party tonight , and you are cordially invited .	2
Can't you see I'm playing pool , bruv ?	1
But you can not help her .	6
Take good care of them .	8
What he would do one day , he would gladly undo the next .	3
Please call me when you get settled .	2
Some of them are carved in stone , some of them men like [PERSON] put up there , so suckers like me could read them .	6
Hey ! I can't believe you got here !	5
Don't worry . Your secret is safe with me .	8
No way in hell .	1
It was bloody marvellous .	5
Because he's the future .	8
I can't make it tonight .	2
I love those guys .	5
You'll find I'm pretty well - connected here .	8
That's ridiculous .	1
There are men in the house with guns .	4
He knew my father very well .	8
It'll be there .	8
Of course she know them perfectly .	8
I always feel rejuvenated by a touch of adventure .	2
On an island famous for its fruit and vegetables ?	7
The key is , he's an animal .	8
The monster ?	4
Thank you .	8
OK , fellas , this is it .	2
Beauty ! Look at that .	5
Who you trying to kid , sister ?	1
Oh , [PERSON] would be mighty proud of you if you won yourself $ 25,000 .	2
Oh , I needed that .	2
When did this relationship take place between [PERSON] and [PERSON] ?	2
If you ask you're going to get an absolute no .	1
You go round there and say you're sorry .	3
I found something out yesterday .	2
You were incredible today .	8
[PERSON] , will you ever get out from under Rocky's shadow ?	6
Bridge ...	1
The dishes are on the table , the refrigerator door was open ...	3
Open it .	2
She'll never come back no more .	6
Oh , it will be a beautiful attack .	2
My magical powers are no good at all	6
Why is he naked , Sergeant ?	7
An honorary stooge like me against the Taylors and Paines , the machines and the lies .	3
Another miracle will happen .	2
Champagne , [PERSON] !	5
Younger Bear was just trying to hand me the worst possible insult .	3
Is there no a door of another side ?	4
You know , just have more fun with it , that's all .	8
Now , this will get him !	1
I know a little about everything .	5
We expect the best from you .	2
This is my show . I'm calling the shots .	1
I was scared shitless they'd think I was still alive .	4
They murder everything that moves .	4
Are we gonna rescue an old man or stand here and argue ?	1
You must be confused , senor .	1
He says that [LOCATION] will uphold it in every court ... but I will drag you through every court , don't forget that .	1
Amateur .	1
You could make a handsome profit on your stock .	2
Well , don't you understand that if your crops fail this year , next year you're going to have to have another blood sacrifice ?	4
Sister [PERSON] , I've got to give the girls their Religious Studies class in fifteen minutes .	2
You're a liar .	1
Hurry , hurry !	4
I was gonna fix some chow . wanna join me ?	2
I respect your new life .	8
Seemed worried about it .	4
Because they're the best . - Is there anything else ?	2
What about staying alive !	4
Still a lot of soldiers around Better get inside	2
Some gang of cutthroats and murderers .	4
I wish we did this before .	5
You didn't know he's back ?	7
Would you repeat it in court ?	8
If you don't mind , I'm gonna sit right here , catch myself a breeze or two , and then I'll be on my way .	2
What is not going to be easy ?	3
We're due for five days of sunshine .	2
In the dream , the destroyer's destroyed .	4
Why aren't they firing ?	4
You ain't calling the tune !	1
You were getting over your broken heart .	6
This is so embarrassing .	3
No more soap opera .	3
I wish I were free tonight .	6
God , I've got ta be with her , at least till she learns my name .	2
House of Abercrombie and [PERSON] , publishers , drunk or sober .	1
I broke my heel on my shoe .	6
You've no right to do it to him .	1
We're looking forward to a real contest .	2
We're perfectly in sync , [PERSON] .	8
Ain't no harm in being sociable .	5
But you're lying .	3
You'd think it was her own life she was fighting for .	2
Don't be nervous .	8
This presumptuous little flirtation is over .	3
Time flies when you're having fun .	5
You want a cute little infant .	2
You will , [PERSON] , you will .	1
I like .	8
You thought that everything would happen behind your back , ... For your secret mission .	3
Set us free !	1
Champion of dumb animals , ladies in distress , lost kids and lost causes .	3
You need a somebody .	8
This kid has taken a savage beating .	4
You going out tonight , [PERSON] ?	2
I'm sorry we got here too late to see you dance .	3
I don't want to die !	4
Can I have your gun , please ?	8
He took six pills in one hour , instead of one every four hours .	4
He's a real pro .	8
Deal ?	2
You're gonna be outta work , you keep scamming like you are .	3
How about Admiral [PERSON] , sir ?	2
In fact , I'm not doing anything tomorrow .	2
Better jump into the tree and hide	2
Not the way it is .	4
The women have to move before it's too late .	2
Clowns carry horns , little rubber ones .	1
We whispered your names when we were kids ... scared to say them out loud .	4
He got wounded somewhere in [LOCATION] , and they sent him home .	4
I don't have time .	6
They'll beg us to let them in .	1
You're not afraid , huh ?	8
I want one ! Cuts along on a jolly clip too , doesn't she ?	2
For pocket money he helps some of the older residents with their groceries .	8
lt was [PERSON] . - How do you - l tailed him .	7
Sometimes cheap perfume can be very exciting .	5
You wan na fire me , fire me .	1
We're going home .	2
He'll know what to do .	8
Right .	8
What's happening ?	2
A wonderful idea .	5
One night , knowing his wife is out ... He calls her and begs her to see him again .	6
Who is he ?	7
Don't mind my saying so , but why don't you do something about your hair ?	3
I don't know . I don't know .	6
I forgot who I was .	7
You're doing all right .	8
Get going , [PERSON] ! [PERSON] !	1
It's just all too much right now . You know , I just ...	1
Tonya !	5
Anyone can make a mistake .	8
He's not even in yet . Well , you tell him not to file anything .	1
You have any idea what you're doing to that poor woman ?	1
You're passing up the whitest man on earth for a dirty , no - good ...	3
Don't have a boyfriend ?	2
Why in the hell didn't you blow those things when you had the chance ?	1
They're looking for us , all right .	4
What the fuck ?	1
And it would tell what we would most like to know .	2
He missed the turn .	1
They're waiting for you .	8
Gentlemen , how about a little lunch ?	2
She won't answer her helm , sir .	7
Hi , Pa.[LOCATION]	8
He is the owner of [LOCATION] .	8
Continue , [PERSON] .	8
It's time to make a move .	2
What revenge ?	7
We've collected the rest of the grenade fragments .	8
You'd prefer the parents dead , too .	3
Who will write the ... digest ?	2
Yeah , she was my girl .	6
This is my home !	8
Don't you realize that Americans dislike having their children stolen ?	3
Do you remember when we first met ?	8
I've got a plan .	2
Gentlemen , I'm going to let you in on a little secret .	8
And then tolerance fades and faith turns to anger .	4
You're getting out .	7
When that bomb blows , we'll lose our oxygen fast .	4
I wan na say I appreciate what Capt. [PERSON]'s done on my behalf .	8
You're getting heavier and heavier Can't carry you much longer	4
The helicopter was destroyed , and the pilot is dead .	6
They're trying to take his old man's land .	3
He's such a liar .	3
It has been such a tremendous excitement for me , this visit .	5
Everybody that comes to [LOCATION] got a dream .	8
I don't like it , [PERSON] .	3
I could never do anything like that .	6
I'm really tempted to take you along with me ... but I'm just afraid that I'd awaken some morning ... and find you'd made a necklace with my teeth .	3
How can we be sure she'll help us free the Childlike Empress ?	6
That's your funeral .	3
You're not thinking of committing a crime ?	7
Have you a sales force , or are you still relying on divine intervention ?	1
Don't think my Pa was a pervert then .	1
You're as bad as your sister , coming home from work at all hours and colours .	1
That very one .	5
I've even ... Maybe you won't admit it , but you love me . - [PERSON] .	6
Or we have a problem with the judges .	4
Spectacles , testicles , wallet and watch .	2
Congressman [PERSON] is minutes late as usual .	1
This is our compartment , not your compartment . I would like you to leave .	1
An example for all of us .	8
I want to know everything what happened .	2
Have you found your perfect woman yet ?	2
Beautiful morning .	5
I do hope it won't affect your ego !	3
It took some guts .	8
Don't worry . A couple more years , and [PERSON] will be a speed freak like us old - timers .	2
I am exactly three inches high and it is a very good height indeed !	5
Then , suddenly , I vomited on my family . Hmm .	7
I give you my word , they were confiscated legally .	8
Shall we go to dinner ?	2
How do you take it ? Ah , just like that .	2
What's he saying ? - He says he's an Egyptian sailor .	7
Look , a fist !	7
Let's see who the real chicken is .	2
Hey dad !	2
Take it easy , I'll get you loose .	8
No , no parties for me .	1
I'd rather die .	1
All right , you take care .	8
I've been trained for it .	8
He's lying , mom .	1
I would drop off for - for for you and the squirt if ... Because ... you know , 'cause things are going well ,	8
Here they are in all their glory !	5
And then this morning - I lost 'em . - We lost them .	6
So , we intend to pursue this matter ... Until we have a full understanding on how it bears on the truth .	2
Help him , [PERSON] . [PERSON] , you got rear ! - I got one mag left .	2
It's a crime against the people who sent me here ! We are on an official mission ... and we have no right to change the orders of our superiors .	1
I hope you like it .	5
They both fell .	6
It's because he's relentless .	1
Your hair looks nice today .	5
We haven't left each other's side for the last two weeks .	8
She has the name of a man .	7
Like an old boot .	3
I asked you never to speak to me again .	1
I would like to know you .	2
Let me borrow that pen again .	1
They're all friends of mine .	5
Once at sea , if we get there , our troubles will have just begun .	4
Put this on , and for the love of God ,	1
Maybe you sleep together once in a while .	7
It is not the one .	6
What a good idea .	5
Styles Court is even glorious !	7
He'd been caught stealing rations . - I see .	7
There's plenty of money on you too .	2
Women will be the death of you yet , [PERSON] .	3
You're going to do all right without me .	8
We'll try to be fair .	8
This doesn't make sense .	7
Well , you fixed everything !	8
Well , I don't know , Captain .	6
Well , the least we can do for [PERSON] is find out what we can about [PERSON] .	8
They'll rip off your head and shit down your neck !	1
Ain't nobody in the world gonna drive this except me .	1
I loved your drawing .	5
You never said a goddamn word about a tilting hydraulic body .  	1
She was a terrific girl , [PERSON] .	2
Big - hearted guy .	8
Let go , you asshole !	1
No more questions .	1
You're light again , [PERSON] .	2
I wondered if you'd like to talk about your ... desires .	8
And now we need a law enforcement unit able to meet the enemy on his own ground and carrying enough firepower to get the job done .	4
I don't know if I can afford it .	6
Well , you never even asked me why I was going .	1
I thought I was doing smart business .	6
Agreed .	8
You'll stump to [LOCATION] with the rest of us .	1
I can't handle basic training again , man .	6
Why won't you let me help you ?	6
You are an old man who will make trouble with his mouth .	3
It's black smoke .	4
Well , that's a dangerous thing to do .	4
There's no stopping what can't be stopped .	4
That does sound nice .	5
I'm getting frightfully healthy , you know .	2
Lord , camphor is the only known cure .	8
What the fuck you doing ?	1
What are you doing , making a career out of this ?	7
June , your dog just upchucked .	3
You didn't get legal advice ?	7
Don't be so impolite in the future	3
I wanted to ask you a couple of questions .	2
I'm not going back to work now , thank you very much .	1
[PERSON] sat here ?	7
The tow place ? - Yeah . Great .	8
Hey , wait for me .	4
And we didn't know how to help her deal with it .	6
What was I supposed to think when you didn't come home ?	1
We were wandering around , that's how we got robbed .	4
Mother of God . [PERSON] ' dog ? - You said pig .	1
Would you spend the rest of your life with me ?	8
Did I go too far ?	4
Concentrating on a few pieces of onerous legislation is not a plan .	3
You've done the right thing .	8
I've got a surprise for you .	8
I can't , and God knows the department can't .	6
We are moving , babe .	8
Just give me some coffee , will you , babe ?	2
Why did they pull out ?	7
Do not lie to me , [PERSON] .	1
[PERSON] olla ! , I told him my problem , I told him I loved you and he told me to keep my trap shut .	1
It's good , isn't it ?	5
You look lovely , lovely .	5
l 'm done .	1
You need a hand with those ?	8
Darling , why weren't you disappointed ?	7
What were they counting on ?	7
No . Decide already !	1
Your orders .	8
We all wan na get out , and we're going to .	2
Does this mean [PERSON] and Miss [PERSON] are engaged ?	7
One step closer , and I'll snap her pretty neck .	1
No . Not the rangers . What'll I do ?	4
You're free . You're free from doubt . Free from having to make painful choices .	5
The country agencies are in desperate need of these funds .	4
If you don't mind , you owe me two more for tiring out my cattle .	1
What a tool !	7
Besides , I really do repent . Really .	3
I'm meeting somebody .	2
This asshole from the coroner's wants her on two stretchers .	3
[PERSON] , you remind me of someone I used to know .	7
When are you gonna fight a real fighter ?	1
You sure you ain't got me mixed up with somebody else ?	7
Sure , go ahead .	8
Now I know exactly what you think of me , and why .	3
I find this hard to say without sounding condescending , but I'm proud of you .	7
You don't like to see me enjoying myself .	6
This is the calendar for the day .	2
I'm getting richer all the time .	5
Hey , what the hell are you going to Frenchy movies for , anyway ?	1
They're going to nail us , no matter what we do .	4
I think your lab boys will find that paint's a perfect match .	2
You wouldn't be offended if I call the police ?	7
I need a minute .	3
He wouldn't have , unless he were discouraged and angry .	6
It was blocking him from coming out .	6
Die ... damn it !	1
He heard a fragment of her conversation with the mother - in - law , when it demanded what it links was it showing any thing ?	8
Come on , cut that shit out .	3
I say , what a jolly idea .	5
Maybe it's best I do remember .	4
Yeah , and in this heat ... I mean , [PERSON] and barbecue !	2
I bet he has fleas .	3
These are precarious times .	4
Scrub all day and I can still smell it ...	3
It could still come back at any time	4
Then we understand each other .	8
I love those .	5
There's no need for that .	1
Come on , tell me the truth .	8
His life means nothing .	3
You and the boys take care of him .	8
Came here to play .	2
I have to go now .	7
It's not an easy thing to do .	4
Someone will take care of you right away .	8
You couldn't have timed it better .	5
All right ? So I'll play you even .	2
I remember once ... we put my mum's canary in the oven .	5
It's a bit like Monopoly , only more people get hurt .	3
I think they call that love , little brother .	5
It's love at first sight .	5
You ought to be shown up .	1
Yeah , yeah , yeah .	1
This document lists the compartmented operations out of the Nellis facility , what the public wrongly calls Area .  	3
I'll be right there .	8
Go get them and get them quick !	4
And without actual damages ...	5
On the day he presented it , I congratulated him .	8
You can give me two dollars extra for making me nervous .	1
I'm going to [LOCATION] , back where I belong .	2
What happened in church ?	7
You're a fool , you're bagged - out with sauce .	1
But it's nothing I wanted my daughter or anybody down at the Bureau to make a big deal about , either .	4
To be agreed upon price .	8
I'm a sick man .	6
Adrian can really cook !	5
What intelligent devils !	8
This is all a cover - up .	3
Coward !	1
I'm looking good .	5
Oh , pardon me ... Your reverend and holy slime ball .	3
Get back .	4
Does not this makes you laugh ?	7
If [PERSON]'s found dead , that'll make for more questions and deeper probes .	4
What I mean is , if you were gonna tell everybody I'm a hooker , - why didn't you let me wear my clothes ?	1
He goes to dance his joy .	5
Let's go in .	2
Senator [PERSON] , I'm pleased you could make it .	5
Mr who ?	7
You're positively an incredible human being .	5
Just please help us .	4
They'd never approve of that being released .	4
I'm peeing my pants .	3
I'm in bad shape .	6
How long will you be able to keep the litigation going on your own resources ?	1
Ever since they lost our luggage you have been sourcastic with me , and irritable , and insensitive and intolerant !	3
He ought to be president .	8
That cunt is no good .	3
Here , in the house of God .	8
Fabulous .	5
What in the hell are you doing here at this hour of the morning ?	7
If we find him , we can deal with the High Priest	2
Rocky , I don't wan na make sandwiches .	1
I forget a lot of things and I. . .	6
Gim me a good reason why not .	1
Why don't you just hit me in the head with a hammer ?	1
And guess what ? We're coming to see you tomorrow .	8
Too little , too late .	6
They got ta know [PERSON]'s gonna pull out their livers .	1
[PERSON] , I'm in paradise .	5
Don't you raise your voice to me !	1
I'd like you to have this .	8
What do you say we all dance ?	2
Oh , my god .	7
Don't touch that television !	1
I like your bat .	5
If you print anything now , I'll be exposed .	4
Perhaps you would like to do it for me ?	8
You're beautiful .	8
So , now it's time to pay the fiddler !	1
She's in the bathroom .	1
You protect a fruit stand , man , a shoeshine parlor , you know ?	7
Unhappy Brom , already bested at every turn , saw himself once more outmatched .	6
Why were you hiding the evidence ?	3
Am I good with that statement ? I marked it up .	8
I'll never have a girl like that 	6
We'll do this thing together .	8
You'll have a chance to judge for yourself .	8
Oh yeah ? You wan na tell me why ?	1
Wait , I forgot to lock the front door !	4
I can't tell you how glad I am to see you .	5
Everybody except me .	6
I sure pity the people that have to breathe in the daytime .	3
Tell me what you gave to him !	1
Silence this fool , [PERSON] .	3
We are finished .	4
Then I think you need to see a doctor .	4
[PERSON] , do you know what you did ?	3
She ain't got nothing on us .	8
My wife doesn't have to answer those questions .	1
I don't have any combat training , I don't think ...	4
You were told about the vortex ?	7
That's right ! If anyone can get us out of this scrape , it's old [PERSON] !	2
I think Mr [PERSON] is disturbed because he can't take you to the party and dance all over your feet .	3
I just don't want to see anybody hurt .	6
Ten million's even better .	5
A pleasure to meet someone who understands that to the true gambler ... money is never an end in	5
She can verify that !	8
To think of her struggles , her fruitless cries for help .	6
All dead , you mean !	1
When did he die ?	6
I caught a cold on the plane .	6
Grimm needs a little reassuring .	8
Now that you got that , we must teach you how to dress .	2
That's something you'll never hear from me as long as you live .	1
If he speaks on your behalf justice will triumph	8
Buy it or wreck it !	1
A man I've admired and worshipped all my life .	5
Wouldn't you say that prison is my fate ?	4
Is that why I had to come alone ?	7
What are you , my mother ?	1
Who you gonna ask next ?	2
You might as well dump it !	1
Go and say sorry to him . '	1
That is darling .	5
I'm not feeling well . This won't take long .	6
Another dead end .	4
Come on , it'll be great .	2
What was what ?	7
Or a wolf ?	6
Oh , you must be from around here .	7
From the moment you surrendered , you ceased to be soldiers .	3
Please come . Come and take me .	6
Whaddya trying ' to do , make it a short day ?	1
You fucking lied to [PERSON] . - l didn't lie to him .	1
Must you flirt ?	3
You can't come to my magic show .	1
Stop . I've been told . We're gonna look into it .	1
Who taught you ? No one taught her .	8
The most horrible thing was , you'd smile when you were mad .	6
That's the worst thing I've ever heard in my life .	6
♪ There's a lady ♪	2
What's with those cicadas anyway ?	7
Francis !	1
Call me as soon as you find it out .	2
What's your interest in this ?	1
I don't want any locked doors between me and him .	6
Why [PERSON] ?	2
Who do you think you are butting in like this ?	1
I'll swear that into my own grave .	3
According to some estimates we can not track . trillion dollars in transactions .	3
And I fear no one , Especially an unholy spirit from an unsavory world .	1
This is your evening .	5
Him !	3
I ' ma tell you something I've never told anyone .	2
No , it was never love .	6
That's incest !	3
No case ? Your client put a faulty train on those tracks , people died , and they knew it could happen the whole time .	3
What did I tell you ?	1
I was nearly arrested here three years ago .	4
I love you ... I love you .	5
Dad , don't let them take me .	4
I'm giving you the chance .	8
What is ...	2
This is not civilized !	1
Watch it , folks !	4
Once again , and faster .	2
This is in these documents , it is .	2
What was that ?  	4
The men are anxious to celebrate , Captain , and they're waiting on you .	2
They changed it .	1
It's crazy .	3
Look , I take my medications . My problem isn't compliance .	1
When he finds out , he's gonna be mad .	4
How I'd love to hit the jackpot .	2
What's this bullshit ?	1
Be quiet !	1
I like it !	5
Her Majesty the Queen !	8
I've always had faith in him .	8
I just hate to hear you blaspheme .	3
I was not a good artist .	6
By the way , here's something that'll interest you .	2
Charlie ! Sorry .	8
[PERSON] is a dear friend of ours .	8
They came to help .	8
In fact I should .	8
A couple months in solitary will cool you off , bugger .	3
when you want to kill something .  	3
Fool .	1
Thank God you're here .	8
Show him who's boss !	8
When I was in the corps , I was olive drab , or camouflage , or dress blues or whatever was the fucking uniform of the day .	1
Much obliged !	8
I'll be forced to shoot you again .	3
Died thinking it might be over between us .	8
Don't you doubt Miss [PERSON]'s word !	1
Does this mean you don't like me anymore ?	6
What do you want the carpenter for ?	7
Hmm , it was rather sweet .	7
One of the waiters tells me she's got quite a reputation for not mingling .	8
Trouble .	4
He's honest .	8
I'm very upset , [PERSON] .	1
Are a sound mind and a full belly .	2
No matter how many you kill here you still won't save the kingdom The emperor is surrounded by sycophants and has no idea of the suffering of his people	1
Both ? - ( chuckles )	5
Are you taking care of yourself ?	4
Maybe a house in [LOCATION] where they are rich .	2
He spent money on a bible ?	7
There must be an error .	4
I'll look after him .	8
There she is , my other monster .	8
But there's an insurance log that monitors how much money is in the bank at any given time .	6
I promised .	8
She's been through enough .	6
I've been waiting to speak to you , Father .	2
Let's go downstairs and celebrate .	2
He certainly can .	8
The best in town !	5
I said hold your goddamn fire !	1
Anyway , we're late for school .	1
[PERSON] , don't look so unhappy .	6
We have an emergency .	4
That's the boy's weak spot !	3
Mommy , what happened to your hand ?	4
The drinking , the drugs , that's not a regular thing for me .	6
You do look pale .	6
You could be so much more .	8
How did I get such a smart - ass kid ?	3
There they are , they must have found her !	8
But you must admit that this doomed old civilization sparkles .	5
And then he'll run our lives and take our money .	1
He'll keep us flying missions till we're all dead .	4
By the way , [PERSON] , about your car ...	6
Code red , code red !	4
No . No , [PERSON] .	6
You don't understand . - I do understand .	1
[LOCATION] needs new gigolos .	2
Shall we play ball , boys ?	2
He seemed like a really nice guy .	5
I've been thinkin' about gettin' on the highway patrol .	2
To you , and to our new partnership , welcome .	2
Suspicious old goat .	3
But it was professional .	8
There is no time to explain .	3
They saw everything .	4
If a man shall be drunk on duty , he shall receive the same fate .	3
We were a team .	1
She told about a mother who was full of hate , and how she got back the hate she gave .	6
Coochie ...	1
Fuck off !	1
Do you want to come down and hang out or something ?	2
A little restraint ?	1
What makes you so cheap ?	3
Why can't they get along without us ?	7
We always done this before .	1
They found my fingerprints on a glass of beer in her apartment .	4
I mean a laugh from the heart .	5
Try it yourself if you don't believe me .	8
Nobody knows how to talk , just grunt at each other .	6
What are you staring at ?	1
I wonder what [PERSON] does .	2
And what makes you think that note would interest me ?	1
When did you discover that ?	7
How hard would it be to crash a wedding ?	2
This is really fun .	5
They said I was crazy , so they sent me to a mental hospital .	6
But for bikers , it's all about showing you're not scared .	8
It'll be great experience for you .	2
I don't care what it costs !	1
Don't be nostalgic .	1
Uh , it's an interesting case .	7
It isn't , and you're gonna erase it !	1
Don't touch me !	3
What's that ...	4
Three men killed , and to what end ?	6
How can we be absolutely sure the waste disposal is taken care of ?	4
Anything serious ?	4
What do you know ?	2
Qué pasó , shit ! It's the same thing .	3
[PERSON] , you're wonderful !	5
And your love .	5
I was more frightened than the defendant .	4
Well , there's no mistaking this German beer .	8
Brandy for me .	5
[PERSON] , there is no time .	4
Hello . What can I get you ?	2
That man really does his job .	8
Mark : There's a big wind coming !	7
I had to sweat blood to get that .	6
Knock it off . Will you knock it off ? !	1
You're just like Grandma , always judging me .	1
You're just being used , you know .	6
I would hate to commit myself without my compass .	6
What can he do ?	2
Honestly ...	6
I have suffered a few myself -- but we are in this together .	1
No such luck .	6
Go back to your office , have a nap .	1
Is he dead ?	2
Bigger than you .	1
This is how you do it ...	2
You're just a product .	3
That's what's the matter with you .	1
You can't .	8
Can I have some more ? - Yeah .	5
You made me remember things that I had forgotten .	7
We all make mistakes .	8
It's time I faced up to what I do have to do .	8
She seems nice .	5
Tonight ? No , no . No feathers .	7
Sorry . - Sorry to wake you .	6
We're not on the same side .	1
Come on , up and over !	8
[PERSON] , don't worry . We'll come back the moment we find the boy .	8
Why don't you leave me alone when I'm sleeping ?	1
I never can make up my mind which of you is the handsomest .	5
Nice going , asshole !	1
I bet [PERSON] was porking her ... And taking the money to keep her in style .	3
[PERSON] had her specialty . She imitated frogs .	5
I'm fine .	2
He's cutting our throat .	4
I'm my own master ... for the first time in my life .	5
Yes . And a bit more of a smile , please .	1
I've known those kids since they were in preschool .	8
Like a million Fourth of Julys all rolled into one .	8
I and [PERSON] we were already , and I would not believe so fast in someone I eat in him . I am not wrong , he has something in the sleeve .	7
Aye , yous like to call yourselves opportunists instead of anarchists .	1
Then talk to me . Tell me what happened .	8
The man who blows his own horn .	3
I've got a scar .	6
It doesn't make sense that you can sit and you can hear the testimony or , you can see all of the evidence and you can not feel a certain amount of responsibility to make things right .	1
That is a menace .	1
What is it ?	2
Not much comfort .	6
This guy's a phony , [PERSON] .	3
Our leaders are only good for parades .	3
My wife , God rest her soul , died years ago to the day .	6
Ask him !	1
Don't worry about the others , they're just senators .	8
As far as discretion goes , what were you and [PERSON] doing , comparing notes ?	7
You got old .	3
Any decent church would've burnt you bastards years ago .	1
Her visual image is perfect .	5
What do you have ? What are you hiding ?	6
You dare take that tone with me ?	1
You go out on some boiling ' hot day ... and pick your own lettuce and tomatoes and beans and onions .	5
And when things die , they go some place else .	2
Let's just win the game .	2
Hey you saved my life , so stop crying , huh ?	5
Weren't nice of you fellas , trying to steal another man's horse .	3
It wasn't something that we could see , it wasn't in the paper .	7
At , she was so pretty .	5
I was snoring in my bed while they were trying to free [LOCATION] ... from an unclean tyrant .	3
That storm is pretty bad .	4
I'd really like your help .	8
They ain't gonna quit on me .  	8
Poor little rich boy .  	1
Not a bad family to marry into .	5
He isn't half the father you were .	8
You hadn't had much contact with her , then ?	6
I'll make a special journey just to talk about myself .	2
I'm going home with him instead .	5
Then ... they actually expect you to go to work .	3
Is it real ? Is it real pig ?	7
And isaac started flying up To the sad broken star .	6
Say , I understand those Mexican señoritas are still pretty as ever down there .	5
So make them pay .	1
I'm here to tell you you've made your point .	8
Right away , [PERSON] ? No .	1
He's hurt bad .	6
My son , to see you again causes my heart to soar like a hawk .	5
It's impossible . [PERSON] ...	6
Sister , ten mile ' refers to Ten Mile Pavilion 	8
Come give your grandfather a hug .	8
Who was so interested ?	7
An Earthling to save the Childlike Empress !	2
All that gossip !	7
I can do it .	8
I am a clown , and puzzled only by his presence in a place such as this , among such people as us .	7
This girl appears from nowhere . Now she's talking to this guy . That's a little convenient , don't you think ?	4
We don't -- we don't wan na do this but ...	4
Darling , it just doesn't make sense .	7
Blast off .	1
Looks to me like we're in hot water already .	4
Boy , that old character mut be a kook .	4
Just to sit here with him is a very great honour for me .	5
For God's sake , say something .	4
I'm sorry to hear that , Mr. [PERSON] .	6
I was astonished at the extent of his reputation .	2
He was gonna die ?	4
Where did she get a bag to match those shoes ?  	7
Feet ! Feet , you fool !	1
You try to escape ...	4
$ million , man .	5
I think I could turn and live with animals .	3
He told me they're getting cold feet .	1
I demand you stop this charade ! You ... Demand ?	1
All guns to fire at the turn .	2
I'll see you later .	2
It'll be strictly confidential .	8
How many times must I to tell you ?	1
No , I've got to see you .	2
It doesn't matter how long it takes , we'll be back in business .	2
Max . See that guy out there with the wog ?	1
TV and press only . You'll have to step back .	1
But if I don't hear from you in a week , me and [PERSON] are going to disappear .	8
[PERSON] and I really did care about you .	8
Are you sure ?	4
Once you're in [LOCATION] , I can protect you .	8
I love my ass .	5
Did I ...	4
Relax ? I have never been more relaxed in my life !	1
It might help .	2
Please don't hurt us .	4
I'm a safety girl .	8
You're gonna get my babies killed !	1
Whatever .	1
After this , I doubt we shall be allowed to live at all .	4
He's probably walking around here , lost .	6
Aunt Pitty'd be agreeable , and I'd like a long visit .	2
A young boy needs our help .	2
[PERSON] is okay , he's done all right for us .	8
If you die , your type will be extinct	6
We brought enough beef for [LOCATION]'s people to get by .	5
Are you gonna faint ?	4
This means [LOCATION] , for sure .	4
Are you all alone in there ?	6
I see 'em walking around the streets depressed all the time .	6
Will you be back for breakfast ?	2
An immense reservoir of nature , Where I roam at will .	5
I was in no mood to thank my purchaser .	1
Hannah !	5
It's me and you .	8
God damn it .	1
Turn off that goddamned alarm !	1
That girl doesn't exist anymore .	6
I'm sorry , maybe you don't want any company .	6
[PERSON] , the baby ?	7
It's hard to believe about [PERSON] .	7
I get this he runs a good operation  shit . 	1
Don't be hard on yourself .	8
When the team works , everybody wins .	8
They pay , got that ?	6
We've made a mistake .	4
You have to take off your shoes .	1
How did this happen ?	7
You're very much in love with [PERSON] , aren't you ?	5
And if he doesn't get it , he goes into bankruptcy and throws 900 , men out of work .	4
Boy , is that hot !	7
Filth making filth , making filth .	3
I'm hurt and ...	6
You want a baby - sitter ?	1
I can be president of the [LOCATION] !	7
Presumably you haven't done much betting , since you've only been wrong once in your life . Twice .	1
We think you're quite brave . And manly .	8
Just what is this relationship between you and our friend ?	7
Of course you know I'm in no danger .	8
Do we look like people that are capable of committing a crime ?	8
Please , relax .	8
The dough will come in the morning .	2
Do you think my wife is beautiful ?	8
Father [PERSON] is an old friend .	8
They're looking all over for you .	4
I'm just an old farm boy .	6
Why didn't you take her home ?	7
I didn't see him again for five years .	6
Another $ ? - That was from way before .	4
Give me a break , we just met !	1
How can you ask me that now ? I'm sorry .	3
It's everything we ever wanted to know about [LOCATION] and were afraid to ask .	8
How do you like your new boss ?	2
It's fine , just a little pain .	6
Jesus .	1
Captain , there ain't no man on earth I'd rather serve under .	8
And that she's really worried about you .	8
I barely know her . I found her like this and I brought her here .	6
I'll show you how simple this can be ... when you know what you're doing .	8
Everybody likes ice cream .	5
Gentlemen , I have good news for you .	2
Shut it down !	1
Finally .	1
You sure can make with the words .	8
The day is warm and bright	5
She was so fat , when she sat on a drugstore stool , she had a hangover .	3
The fire went out !	5
I'm dreaming !	5
Surveillance is my specialty .	8
And there she was , dead .	4
Left !	1
What'd you mean ? Kissing that bitch ?	1
Why don't you tell the truth for once ?	3
How can I make you believe me ?	2
Who is it ?	2
Why don't I do this right ?	6
All right . Let's go through it again .	2
With ryan gosling . - This guy is here . - Yeah .	5
Turned out that my father and his business partner were involved in a Ponzi scheme .	1
I was very sick when I was a boy .	6
[PERSON] , we're late . We have an appointment downtown .	1
Tough guys who didn't crack up like [PERSON] .	8
Let's not get carried away here .	7
You got a big mouth . At least you can put it to good use on the witness stand .	1
I'm going to make him happy .	2
I can not understand .	6
I'm taking over the bridge .	2
Stronger mouthwash might be nice .	3
I got him sold , [PERSON] .	5
Looks like you're gonna owe us some money , fat boy .	3
Make yourself comfortable .	8
Hey , don't worry !	5
She seems to be feeling a lot better .	5
Well , no wonder you're worn out .	6
You know what ? It doesn't even matter . Because I'm taking over .	1
Listen to me . [PERSON] is out there right now busting his ass to fix everything .	1
Then you have to talk to him before tomorrow night .	2
Any suggestions ?	2
No ...	7
Just leave him alone !	1
If I analyze military strategy , they say I'm planning a rebellion	1
Your plastic's not gonna help you now , you lousy little fuck .	1
With us , the police force , detectives , inspectors .	8
Get out of here before I throw you out .	1
Couldn't agree with you more , Mr. [PERSON] .	8
That's why I had to find you to tell you .	8
So he goes out and he buys a bunch of roses .	2
I'm not raising my voice !	1
Why go on taking chances ?	4
Or hunting . You prefer hunting ?	2
An ongoing retainer on a claiming horse ... that makes tremendous sense . My money , kid ... that's a kiss - off for getting bumped .	5
It's a very busy time right now .	1
You naughty boys .	1
Nobody .	8
But who would buy the boat ?	7
They transform ex-civilians into men without minds .	1
In , I formed the center for the study of extraterrestrial intelligence , to form a diplomatic core to make peaceful contact with these civilizations .	8
I was good .	5
I didn't want to hear about the war .	6
[PERSON] , please . Help .	8
I sure don't .	8
This is a risk we dare not ignore .	4
Abandoned ... Like someone left for dead ...	6
Cool it ! Or you're gonna get the same thing your boyfriend got .	1
Shit's gonna hit the fan .	4
He's a sneaky little shit just like you , right ?	3
The way she's lying , there won't be any steel plate to have to burrow through .	3
I'll hit you with nine quarters per package , and that's just cos I'm feeling good .	5
She's very attractive , I know .	8
You belong with me .	8
Hasn't got a halfpenny to his name .	3
Was it so difficult ?	7
You're liars .	3
What brings you back so early ?	7
If things don't work out ...	4
Come on .	8
Are you the Buljanoff who fought on the barricades ?	7
Maybe I can help you .	8
[PERSON] , if you weren't with me , I never woulda done as good .	8
The hearth lighted in the room to summer way , [PERSON] ?	5
Let me explain something to you .	8
So here you have a major country , a nuclear power , making a commitment to do this .	3
We kill the rebels , we kill the rebellion .	1
Well , I'm not sure that's a good idea .	4
We must act immediately , tonight !	2
I mean , we're talking about one day of work . A day in which I was tied to a cactus and assaulted by snakes .	1
I hope [PERSON] wasn't bothering you .	8
What's with [PERSON] ?	7
Yeah , screw them .	1
I was almost in tears .	6
I only saw her when the family rented a farm in the summer .	6
Yeah , well , she's out of town right now .	1
Goddamn law is ruining the country .	1
Don't try anything rash , or you're dead along with everyone else .	4
Then they'll kill him .	4
Underwater ?	7
You're giving premature value judgments .	1
But the war had changed him .	6
It is a crime that happens against children in every neighborhood , in every city and state in the country .	1
Because tonight we're gonna go out and kill a wild boar .	2
You outclassed the bum , huh ?	8
Wait for your friend there .	8
Wonderful chef .	5
Something terrible always happens when I go to a party .	4
So that I could sit in that Senate and serve the people in an honest way .	8
As I told you , it's time we did something about it .	1
What'll take to get you to realise I'm givin' you a chance to pull yourselves together ?	7
Oh , my God !	7
Are we supposed to just sit here and wait ?	1
You've never shown an ounce of courage .	1
Nobody hired us for our brotherly love , [PERSON] .	5
Oh , kids , I'm so sorry !	6
Some detail I missed you might need to tell me .	2
They aren't moving .	1
You know , you're in over your head as it is .	1
Since he escaped , residents of the bordering states have been afraid to leave their home .	4
And the last time you were in my office , you told me you hadn't committed a crime to get the job done .	1
They come from the New Orleans Bridge Club ... and they've been bonded by the steward .	4
There's no way you could make them talk . You're dealing with extremists .	2
I don't mean to be handing you no line , but that's pretty hard to believe .	7
Thanks , Rock .	5
Our assessment is , Your Honor , is that they are responsible , at least in part , for both the creation of these ads and for the development of these ads . they're actually instructions to pimps on how to post an ad that works .	3
What the hell is that ?	1
The Feds pay him $ a month and hands off while he deals his own shit .	3
If you don't get married , I'll fire the both of you .	1
Fight !	1
It's an insult .	3
Cam ?	7
You might hold this for me .	8
That is some wonderful horse . - Congratulations .	5
All you want is my money .	3
You'll stay on a nice boat .	5
I love you .	8
I bestow my blessings on your courage and optimism .	8
Fuck !	1
I'm [PERSON] , sir .	4
Ever since the first day I laid eyes on you , I knew I had to be yours and yours alone .	5
Sign this .	1
Nearly creamed us both .	4
I don't know what a Snap Dog is .	1
[GAY SLUR] .	1
I'm in fear of my life , you know .	4
I've never seen anything in my life as beautiful as you are .	5
How can you want me now I'm like this ?	4
I know that you need help , I know that I'm in no position to give it to you , - so , as your friend ...	6
Like a new song .	2
What do you mean , they're gonna try ?	7
Not my book , anyway .	1
How do you know we can trust her ? She's had your fingers before , [PERSON] .	4
Now try winning a game for a change !	1
How about two foursomes of golf , huh ?	2
Nas , [PERSON] , you keep searching for [PERSON] .	8
I don't know how to do anything else .	6
Bird leaves at . Be there or swim . We got more coming !	2
Nice tree .	5
But , monsieur , if you had only told me in the first place that you wished to consult with your consul .	7
That's when they start to drift away .	6
He'll hate it , but he'll do it .	8
We assume that no commander of a [LOCATION] naval ship can possibly be a coward .	8
We mustn't let a little thing like this ruin our evening .	2
I like men with big appetites ....	8
There are estimates out there that . million homeless kids are out on the street at any given time .	6
That is true .	8
[PERSON] , your mother and I have brought you to this spot to share this last private ... This moment of ... Grief and pain .	6
Isn't that what this is all about ?	7
We got a real mess here , man .	7
Relax , Happy .	8
Strange that I should be called a destitute woman when I have all these riches locked in my heart .	3
I think you might be my best brother , too .	8
Bad guys ! Alley !	2
It does feel better to get it out .	5
I will kill you !	1
It seems , [PERSON] , that my subjects are becoming a pain in the arse .	3
This is your problem .	1
We've managed to keep it quiet , but if anyone knows , there'll be a SWAT team here .	4
While you two pricks are congratulating yourselves , you better realize maybe you put [PERSON]'s neck in it .	1
Where is he ?	2
I'm not talking about him .	1
Because it hurts my ears when you do it .	1
[PERSON] must not be a prisoner , Chief executive .	8
Seeking wealth and position is for the likes of you mere mortals	8
We could go see [LOCATION] of the Dolls .	2
Future history , he said .	2
We're not going to kick anyone out .	8
You are fake news .	1
All we want you to do is tell us what you saw .	2
It's all taken care of , Papa .	8
It's okay .	8
I do not know who plays the violin . [PERSON] .	2
We must get everyone in [LOCATION] to help us .	2
Don't you ever sleep ?	7
Doesn't the prestige of the Bolsheviks mean anything to you ?	3
They always behave so nice , [PERSON] .	5
Life can be infernally complex .	4
Who's dead ?	4
I know what it meant to you .	8
Maybe going on the wagon makes a man dull .	3
It is a wonderful woman .	5
You'll stay here without food or water until you talk .	1
Oh , of course .	2
I will watch over you .	8
Yeah , I just wanted to talk to you .	8
He's one of the twins and not what you call completely there .  	4
In the old days when we nicked someone no one got hurt , and no one lost anything very much .	1
Alright son , start passing ' that chicken' fore it loses its juice !	8
Don't you think I know how you plan to get out ?	1
If you insist , I'll have eight more .	2
I'll give you a ride back to the chancery .	8
He'll be a good friend .	2
This hurts , [LOCATION] .	6
I can make a recess happen .	2
So we're gonna stop off and see her on the way back .	2
Take your hands off !	1
Why aren't you helping [PERSON] with my surprise birthday party ?	7
That I had to chew his ass to get him to move on it . He seemed more interested in if , when and how ... I was fucking [PERSON] than in his own investigation .	3
You fucking double - crossing gringo pig bastard !	1
I ain't got no dad ! And I ain't got no mum !	6
This report ? - No .	1
Would you have preferred the Verua kill me ?	1
You got time for a drink ?	2
What's going on ? We need to talk . That's all .	1
You understand ?	1
Yours will , depend on it . Because you're like all criminals , you're greedy .	3
We bought a farmhouse , near [LOCATION] .	5
Boy , you got hands of gold .	8
I am still jacked up . You wan na talk about a rush ?	6
You're out of your mind . - The prosecutor will explain everything when you see him .	1
I'm not afraid of you .	1
You're fun drunk .	5
I hear the gossip at work about your marriage ...	8
We're going sailing .	2
Oh , thank you . Yes !	5
Do you remember last year , when we had fun , when we had a good time ?	5
You have one minute .	1
I'd never have taken the job if I hadn't wanted to keep us all together .	8
Help me !	8
The boy's doing so poor these days , why not take him along and air him ?	6
Snap out of it ! He took my [PERSON] !	1
The remedy is in your hands ...	8
I know you drink on the quiet , and I know how much you drink .	3
It was the nearest thing to heaven .	5
Well , I hope you've managed to get the money , Mr. [PERSON] .	2
By heavens , an Englishwoman .	7
[PERSON] , listen to him .	8
She was the beautiful [PERSON] , you know .	5
I got to take care of my cattle .	8
It was my scarf .	8
He's in plenty of hot water .	6
Hold my hand , please ?	8
I can help .	8
And they're having more fun .	6
Am I a criminal for that ?	4
My lawyer will get all this information , along with a doctor's report about my stomach and her ankle .	1
Since we're staying in , order me the macaroni and cheese , and get one of those little bottles of wine 'cause I don't want to drink too much .	2
They refuse .	1
He wasn't a boy , he was seventeen .	1
Here's the , uh , camera , And the cassette recorder that you asked for . Thank you .	5
She plans her suicide .	4
Been dead over hours .	6
And I was thinking ' Why haven't they arrested us ? ' 	4
Now that I've shot my face off , I'll give you the chance to do the same .	1
If we're good nuns , God will see us through .	8
There . Now it's perfect .	5
I'm not surprised . Me , too .	1
You're just as selfish as he is .	3
We are not gonna pay you nothing .	1
Want me to help ?	8
Well , he was old enough to be your father .	3
He ain't used to livin' like this .	1
The cops didn't give you trouble , did they ?	2
Nobody's gonna make me do that !	1
I completely agree .	5
[PERSON]'s been on the edge so often .	4
What !	7
I heard you ran into some trouble today .	4
Just give me five minutes .	2
A little poontang might ease your mind a bit .	5
I can't see myself .	4
I'm supposed to be taking care of you .	8
I'll give you their home numbers .	8
But how will your father feel if he never sees you again ?	4
JFK .	6
Don't want any more of that .	1
How did eggs get into the conversation ?	7
Mommy , I saw a ghost .	4
Do we give the impression of people who are pressed for money ?	1
And I don't want to go to Hotel Terminus .	6
This is plain stubbornness and you know it .	1
And then one day I went into the barn ... and there he was .	2
Because I did not want in your life .	1
Help him !	4
We're not ? - Mm .	4
Voters smell an exhausted man who's lost sight of all the important issues .	1
Lieutenant , do you have any idea how [PERSON] knows these details ?	1
Knock it off !	1
You think you're my boss ?	1
Okay , who's up for the [LOCATION] ?	2
But I just escaped from here ! Don't you understand ?	1
God took them because of my wicked thoughts ! No .	1
It's too late for that , [PERSON] .	6
Rocky , no !	1
So you better hit them bunks , my little babies ... or Sergeant [PERSON] with the big toe ... is gonna see how far he can stick it up your ass .	3
There's just this one hammer .	1
I thought I could make a difference .	6
[PERSON] speaking .	2
It's nice to have somebody to say goodbye to .	5
Now , you listen to me .	1
I'm gonna put a stop to this .	1
Quiet types interest me .	5
We're out of here .	3
There'll always be some guy , even some friend of yours , thinking he can treat me like [PERSON] , thinking that it's allowed .	3
Faster ? ! ...	4
And what better than to sacrifice one of the beast's own servants whom we caught masquerading as a holy sister of the Mother Church ?	3
I'm sure that's thanks to you as well .	5
You'll go on without me .	6
Gone .	6
So you're a chef ?	2
It is of no concern to me	3
I don't know you get to ask that .	1
That's one of the things I hope the formula will alleviate .	2
Fuck it , man .	1
I think you tell better jokes than me , [PERSON] .	8
It's a road trip and a party rolled into one .	2
Hey , Captain . Captain , we left a treasure out there ...	7
That's criminal .	3
They're not to come here , you understand ?	4
What the hell are you talking about ? We had drinks last night .	1
Well , Mr. financial advisor . What do you think of my plan ?	1
He's really been like a father to me .	8
Nice work , [PERSON] .	8
A lot of junk all right ...	1
Lousy bank robber , too .	3
The Enquirer . The Star . Variety .	7
That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet .	8
You can make it , old girl !	8
I'm sorry to have bothered you .	6
I'm not denying anything .	1
This is crazy .	6
This is [LOCATION] . Speak English .	1
Put these in water , blabbermouth !	3
So , congratulations , Admiral [PERSON] .	8
I hate this river .	1
Hello again .	3
There is no room in this regiment for a coward .	3
Be careful .	4
I know I can win the captain's confidence , But I need time and I need your help .	8
No use leaving all those repeating rifles lying out there to rust .	1
Mind your own business , would you ?	1
Professor , I - I'd like to speak to you .	8
And if there was , I sure as hell wouldn't tell you , colonel .	1
How did it go ?	2
I've never been invisible before .	7
And , [PERSON] , I'm going to see that you are safe .	8
Put the gun away .	1
I hate this whole thing .	1
The greatest health threat facing our nation .	4
I took some funds from the con - amalgate account , I. . . To cover a loan . I. . .	4
I think the city is saved .	8
God , that was lucky I could make her go .	5
You see . we're not like you think we are .	6
Who ?	7
But and the Duchess ?	2
I want to show you something .	2
Yeah , he was a good soldier .	6
He asked you not to get those records ?	1
Your whole story about how [PERSON] got his name on the door is bullshit !	1
Excellent . I don't know about the rest of you , but I'm hungry .	2
Your ship's been in lots of battles .	8
Dickhead .	1
I've got to get in there .	2
A vocation to love God , help the poor , solace the sick and dying .	8
Look at what you've done .	1
More ! - More ?	7
One of you better tell the lieutenant that the waterhole I come by this morning is all muddied up .	3
A strange voice , a set of instructions that might have come from anywhere .	4
We've just won the White House .	5
Something seriously wrong with us .	4
You also know the usual French prison is filled with the relatives of all those poor little beetles you've killed .	3
This material doesn't correspond to anything on the periodic table .	2
Now why don't you drop that tree you're holding and let's grab a vine and swing a little , huh ?	2
All that noise and fire ...	4
Is it unfair ?	1
I see them coming , baby I'm throwing myself in the fucking ocean !	4
He was quite suspicious at first , but you were right . When I told him you killing [PERSON] was a fake , he bought it -- as you say -- hook , line and sinker .	2
Everything's going to be alright , son .	8
He's not making a whole lot of sense .	3
[PERSON] thinks he's such a nice dog .	5
Oh , [PERSON] , I'm a coward .	4
We actually did recoveries of crashed saucers .	5
Honestly , sometimes I don't understand you at all .	1
We'll always be here with you , ma'am .	8
Lasers ready .	8
You'd better tell your friends , too .	1
You count good , but where's the change ?	7
Enjoy it .	8
Hit him , [PERSON] .	8
I mean , I want to work in media .	2
If you want to catch that boat you better stop talking .	1
I'm sorry , gentlemen ...	6
Stand back .	1
Back in the village when they made fun of you , I wanted to kill them .	1
You ... bitch !	1
Any vampires around these parts , [LOCATION] ?	2
As for the rest of what I have to say , you will find it neatly typed at some length , on this piece of paper .	8
How's everybody doin' out there ?	2
That was my low .	6
Why did you get married ?	7
I was winning ' .	2
Here on holiday but seems to be having a bit of car trouble ?	5
And then three weeks ago I suffered a nervous breakdown .	6
I had met [PERSON] to ask his advice .	8
I'm gonna name her mommy .	8
It don't look good , Miss B. I can't see any way out of this one .	8
You know , I wanted to blame myself for that .	6
Clear everybody out !	2
But I can't play them with you .	6
One more week .	2
You want to hurt me ? You already did .	1
Well , look who's here .	7
Pretty sweet .	2
You can't quit now .	8
They're all dead .	6
You surprise me , Mr. [PERSON] .	7
They brought their fuckin' toys with 'em !	3
Listen , when you guys meet her , just try to make me look good .	2
Whoa , look at that .	7
If Mr. [PERSON] says he'll get you another body , he'll get you another body ... every bit as good as your own , if not better .	8
I'd rather be dead .	6
They're nice .	5
We may have made a mistake .	4
Doctor , can a sane man possibly perform offensive or foolish acts ?	6
It's kind of sad , though . All that money and nobody to enjoy it .	6
Copycat !	1
That wheel is enough to drive anybody crazy .	1
Have you thought that your child is in the [LOCATION] ?	2
Since you refuse to abide by the laws of the civilised world we must consider ourselves absolved from our duty to obey you .	3
I don't trust her .	3
I - I am working on it , and I will figure it out .	4
Well , this misery in my back ... ain't so good .	6
I do not drink with thieves and pirates .	3
It's like being in jail .	3
Don't try to change the subject .	1
He's the best man in the world .	8
This won't work .	6
I'll see you sex fiends later .	2
I want it to be clear and known that my daughter , [PERSON] , was raped .	1
That's a relief .	8
I've been building a reputation for years .	5
Well , if it's anyone's fault , I expect it's mine .	6
We'll hurry .	2
Don't be a fool .	3
Isn't [PERSON]'s death enough ?	4
You took him to a freaky fortune lady who scared the shit ...	3
Then , you know you've got a shitty witness .	1
You've always been the stronger character .	8
If I thought I needed an assistant to do my job ... meaning what ?	1
Then they killed [PERSON] . One behind the ear with a . .	4
... Instead of the ancients . I want to start again .	2
You , too .	8
Let it be anybody but her .	4
What am I doing here , [PERSON] ?	7
Promise me you won't butt in .	8
You're going to protect me ?	4
Go ahead .	8
I'll call you later .	2
What does it say ?	2
He says that he's looking at a giant asshole from [LOCATION] .	3
That's when mine broke up .	6
Why don't you take a look at this adoption literature ?	3
Maybe you should've told her you loved her . Maybe that was the way to make sure .	6
I'm so happy for you .	5
Let's forget it .	8
Ringo ! 	5
Ain't she seen a man before ?	7
He ain't gonna make it .	4
What baby ?	1
I think you can .	8
We won , [PERSON] .	5
Ah , [PERSON] , you're a charmer .	8
Let's go !	2
Thank you for my victories and for my defeats .	8
But if you're asking me what I want to do , I'm telling you that I haven't decided .	1
They would have waited forever to go into that bank .	1
That is bullshit .	1
What you looking for ?	2
He's a punk , Rocky .	3
Fuck 'em .	1
Fuck this shit .	1
Mom , are we in [LOCATION] yet ?	2
There's too much loss of life and property damage possible .	3
Really ashamed of myself .	6
Don't you want me with you ?	6
If you did your cheekbones better , you could look like [PERSON] .	5
As you can see , the available forces have been badly distributed .	1
You're wasting yourself on this kid , then hanging us up for nothing .	1
The answer is no , unless you want your boy killed .	1
Because I do not like my mother .	3
Give him $ .	1
A great dandy , but very clever .	8
Well , it has a firm hand , I must say it .	7
Don't run away !	1
Yes , but there's something I want ...	2
I wouldn't want him to think I'm not sympathetic .	6
And every day since you started . The usual ?	2
You are wrong , [PERSON] .	1
I always knew there was something strange about their crowd . What are you talking about ?	4
I said , shall we start ...	2
Fighting so he can stand on his own two feet , free and decent .	2
She saved my life , actually .	8
Don't you understand ? !	1
It makes me sad .	6
I'll follow you .	8
Come on , get up .	1
Thank you again for your time , sir .	8
I thought it was the old man's	7
We're on holiday .	5
Didn't the formula cure his rheumatism ?	7
Like [PERSON] lost control ?	7
He looked nice .	5
And as I was relating this to him , our missiles started shutting down one by one .	4
Sit down there .	8
So it really is the same old [PERSON] that we all knew and loved .	7
Then you did it alone !	1
No doubt the fellow is an impostor .	3
How do you expect to enjoy your honeymoon if you can't relax ?	1
As long as there was [PERSON] , there was a chance we might be happy .	6
Okay , girls , go get them !	2
[PERSON] , my man .	5
Forgive me ...	6
[PERSON] is no friend .	1
You scared me .	1
That would only make him less unhappy .	5
I remember one on the porch , waiting in darkness so complete I couldn't see his face .	4
It's all right , don't shoot !	4
Kiss me .	8
You were winning ?	2
The tour was very interesting .	5
We didn't hear that .	4
We lost [PERSON] , go back !	6
What in the world is all this ?	7
Oh , boy .	4
You've got a gun .	7
What are you thinking , Lieutenant , that I'm a coward ?	1
There'd be less bills if you didn't raise the kids like I was a millionaire .	3
Stop arguing !	1
But he kept it to himself . He kept a lot to himself .	1
What about the big band I got to play ? Do you remember that ?	5
I know how he manipulates .	2
Don't mind [PERSON] .	1
My God !	7
You've got that right .	5
They say he's got a brain .	1
I just want you to leave me alone .	1
I know you are , but this just got times harder for me to get out of .	4
Your opinion might be valuable .	8
I can say no more .	6
That'd be an invitation to enemy subs .	2
So , we are definitely on then ?	2
Autumn ?	7
It's not mine . Do you still claim you have an identical scarf ?	1
You and [PERSON] have been asked to accept a dangerous mission to [LOCATION] .	4
You've all won first prize .	5
Now , let's have some music .	2
It's all my fault .	3
It was quite a scene .	2
Why do You have to make everything so bloody difficult ?	1
[PERSON] knew he was taking bribes ?	1
I thought you'd be onto me if anyone was .  	2
And think of her - if she knows nothing , she's safe .	5
Foo - foo is a good dog .	5
How about the three of you shaking hands ?	8
Well , duty calls .	2
He'll never get started .	6
Talk what things over ?	7
On the Polhemus thing , what the fuck is happening to the fingerprints report ?	1
And I'll make you so much money you can swim in it .	2
How can I help you ?	8
This is as far as we dare to take you .	4
Back the starboard engine !	7
I'm such a pain in the ass these days I deserve myself .	3
Did you tell him what a great success it was ?	5
This strange coffee is a bore , but what can I do when I can't sleep ?	6
You're supposed to say something .	4
This isn't my usual route .	2
When ? - Call came in last night .	4
Just put me in your pocket and take me with you .	8
So you're behind all this .	7
Then again , you never can tell .	7
Can you , can you , can you , meet me , please .	2
You run along with Mammy .	2
Sweetheart , look what just came in the mail for you .	8
Yeah , and ...	2
All you have to do is be our pal .	8
[PERSON] , you sure have a nose for talent , you know how to find them and train them .	8
Cool , cool , cool .	5
I have no fucking idea why they towed it .	1
[PERSON] , I'm not gonna leave you !	8
Congratulations , [PERSON] .	8
Look at all the smiling faces .	5
Is that right , Shooter ?	1
The press release said that you were taking a leave to consider your career options .	2
And if you want something sugar - coated , I'll order you dessert .	2
I'm going to puke	3
All the candy you need . A nice baby - sitter .	5
That was lovely .	5
Doesn't look like there's any other damage .	5
They'll love it .	2
Bear in mind she's a foreigner , so prepare for hysterics , even a fainting spell .	3
We are at war . We have all to do what we will be able .	4
He'd kill you if he heard you .	1
If you stay ten years , you may learn to tell an aircraft from a seagull .	1
That means jobs we can all be proud of . And make Made in [LOCATION]  mean something again . 	2
I hope you get in trouble some day !	1
Cos whatever you got up there , I'm gonna find it out .	2
They're called a jury .	2
Our faulty rudders put us on a reef . The tide will float us free by evening .	2
Wow ! That's perfect .	5
I never wrote it .	6
All I wan na do is go home .	2
I'm not talking about romance . I'm just talking in general .	2
Have you talked to [PERSON] ?	2
Who you looking at ?	1
That's the unholy pity of it .	6
Who knows ?	1
He's a perfect little gentleman .	8
And [PERSON] , she won't help me to solve them .	1
Why are you asking me all these questions ?	7
Where did I see your face before ?	7
You've got the part , [PERSON] .	5
Here in the wilderness you have turned defeat into victory .	5
What's the matter with you ? What happened ?	7
Please , can I have a look , please , please , please .	5
That's what you're living with , a couple of real boy scouts !	1
You scare the hell out of me too .	4
Can't we walk and get friendly , or better acquainted , or something ?	2
It's a background check .	1
It's too risky .	4
Well if you don't see it , we ain't got it .	8
There's trouble down here .	4
Mayii : His stomach was acting up like a schnauzer in heat . Would they believe him ?	2
If we let those bastards get dug in now , we'll have to level the building !	1
OK , fine . Then --	7
There's no need for you to try and scare us , Mr. [PERSON] .	1
Got all the time in the world .	5
[PERSON] , you never told me you had a brother [PERSON] .	7
Come on now , let's go home .	8
You'll see how cold my blood is when that coward comes back !	3
You know , I'm no doctor , but I could swear this youngster's inebriated .	3
[PERSON] , I've got something really big for you .	2
You're pretty enough to do other things .	5
I'll kill you all !	4
Grow , cuz .	1
It is very simple .	5
That's better .	5
See what you can do ? You weren't even conscious then , for chrissake .	6
Where's your uniform ?	7
Nothing's going wrong .	5
They'll get me tonight , for sure .	4
I wonder if it isn't a curse to be wised up like you and me .	6
Well , I ain't scared .	1
I'm gonna tell .	3
This is a house of ill fame , and I'm a fallen flower .	6
Yes , I'm playing tonight .	2
It's freedom for a woman to spread her legs like that on a magazine ?	3
Then don't say it .	1
I hate this place . I hate this place .	1
Seize fire to the Castle !	1
We thought Monsignor [PERSON] will take over the building fund .	7
You must love someone else .	6
There is so somewhat to do .	2
We have to give them something to hope for .	8
Sounds great . I don't think she's taking us that seriously .	5
I report it . I'm a journalist . - You're involved .	8
I'm not as dumb as you think I am .	8
You're invaluable , [PERSON] .	8
I'm sorry for what happened .	8
The archery machine !	2
Turn back the clock ?	1
Listen , take it , $ .	5
They're saying they're not responsible for what people put on their website .	1
I thought we were friends .	6
What I don't understand is whether someone was trying to kill [PERSON] ... or whether someone was trying to kill [PERSON] because she was with you .	4
Kids , the wienies are almost done !	5
We solve every murder in less than two hours .	8
Say bye - bye , now . Bye to daddy .	6
Found hair in your comb .	3
I got myself a date .	5
Fine , except I'm scared to death .	4
I knew we'd be all right .	5
Everything will be all right .	8
We're not gonna take you back to the orphanage .	8
Do you know , for a second you had me worried ?	4
I work with a junkie ?	3
Mr. [PERSON] , that sounds like a threat .	4
I don't like the way you're treating [PERSON] and Mammy .	3
Got a guest , fam !	2
Sometimes they have an accident .	6
Will you see my clothes are packed and sent over to the bachelors officers ' quarters ?	8
Nobody goes no place here without I say so .	1
Oh , know how to count !	1
I got ta hang up now because I got ta go kill everybody , okay ?	1
Miss [PERSON] , I have discovered how to retard the ageing process .	5
Stripped of all that it's no wonder they become suicidal .	1
Am I wrong , Lady ?	8
This looks like a mind - fuck to me .	4
Then a wasp stung out my eye .	6
Is he well ?	2
If I'd only known , I'd have come straight home .	7
What the hell you doing ?	1
I'll get my dinner .	2
Look at that !	5
I'm sorry , gentlemen , but the order is final .	1
Collision speed ! Full !	4
What's the big deal about Him suffering on earth if He knew He was going to rejoin His Father in Heaven ?	7
You want me to hang on to our cash .	8
You are too outspoken , brother .	1
We don't know much about anything , do we ?	7
I made it ashore , but I got separated from the other survivors .	4
Haven't I told you you're gonna get your melon opened ?	4
They're blaming me for it .	6
And there's the black hand that did the dirty deed .	3
Maybe we're about to find out .	4
Nice to see you again , [PERSON] .	5
Not [PERSON] ?	7
Climbing on a heap of black and metal sheets and pilings ...  ... he hardly recognized the once proud and famous [LOCATION] .  	6
Tomorrow , you'll be looking for a new cobbler or a new teacher .	2
I don't know what you're training ' for , but as far as I'm concerned , you're ready . Look !	8
Is he gonna be a problem ?	1
I'll fucking kill it !	1
Don't know if I'm ever gonna get my nails done now .	6
Why not throw some empathy my way ?	3
Tell me . Convince me .	8
They'll kill you and all of us .	4
[PERSON] equals [PERSON] .  This is [PERSON]'s handwriting . 	7
All right . I'll meet you in the lobby 'cause you're paying me to .	8
Oh , good gracious .	4
You're [PERSON] ? !	7
You've got a woman here ?	7
I won't let [PERSON] live like this .	1
I know where it is .	2
All those bottles , of sizes different , completely in the wrong order ...	1
[PERSON] must be crazy .	1
That's done it , he's gone .	1
Well , we should probably eat , is what we should do .	2
I'm afraid I'm not a very good host .	6
What are you doing tonight ?	2
Don't give up , [PERSON] !	2
Is this how it goes ?	7
So is it true that if you commit a sin out of fear it is not necessarily a sin after all ?	2
Why do you stand or sit as far away from me as possible ?	6
Would you both like to come ?	8
They didn't shut me up , you did .	1
Your father wears tight underwear ! And I can't stand your mother ! Your father wears tight underwear !	1
I said let's go .	2
When I was a little girl , like so many others , there was no money to buy shoes for me ,	6
Well , here's to , uh ... community property .	8
In the final analysis , all we're trying to do is create a happy world .	5
Never tasted better . There's a fork on your left , Mr. Land ...	5
And here it is , the Civic Centrum , OCP's - story gift to the [LOCATION] .	8
Don't worry if you hear firing .	8
Now , my news .	2
[PERSON] , I'm getting a bit jumpy , to be honest .	4
Boys , sweep them out of the gutter .	3
What you want ?	3
What a gruesome proof of the power of the press .	3
Anything else ?	1
We thought you might like to look through his papers .	8
I'm waiting for reports from some of you .	8
Somebody told me they thought he'd killed a man once .	4
The circuit is overloaded . It's your bloody exercise machine . It's not my stair stepper .	1
Oh , you're really a much better dancer .	5
[PERSON]'s pressing hard on that case , I imagine .	8
Well , all I can say at this time , that the most important thing is unity ... and the public's faith in the institution of democracy .	8
Mark , I was the one who had the worm . Thank you .	1
It's me , you fool .	1
It's our new swimming pool !	5
My favorite uncle , uncle [PERSON] , swore to me that he would buy me that bicycle .	1
Everyone at work knows that I'm lying .	4
[PERSON] , I'm worried .	4
Oh , I see .	7
The crew was nice .	8
Why don't you stay where you belong , in yo - yo land ?	3
Better get out of here ... 'cause I ain't ever gonna surrender to [LOCATION] .	4
I'm sorry , I just made a mistake .	8
We .  Who the hell are  we  ? 	1
It's wonderful to have you back .	5
I told you to fasten your seat belt .	1
It's a pleasure to do business with a man like you .	8
It's home ....	8
When I think of that kid , I want to cry .	6
Ha ha ha ! This is it , [LOCATION] ! The event you've all been waiting for .	1
And the other time .	1
Can do , sir .	8
Things started to pick up for the home team when [PERSON]'s brother , a ganef if ever I saw one , took the stand .	2
I've been dancing my ass off , my feet are killing me , these shoes are too small .	1
Imagine this place on that day when the battleship [LOCATION]  fired that blank shot which signalled the Revolution . 	2
You humiliated him again .	3
I guess you're right .	5
Cam , stop !	4
It's the saga of a man with very little charm and even less courage .	3
So it is !	8
This train can't wait .	1
When the shooting starts , don't forget to duck .	4
I knew my ill - fitting clothes were unsuited to the exertions that lay before me .	4
You brat !	3
Just find him .	3
I left my home simply because I had to leave .	6
Their flowers are dead .	6
I said Because your husband is dead . 	6
Yeah , yeah , yeah ...	1
You're crazy !	4
Get your ass movin' !	1
I've always wanted to go to [LOCATION] .	2
Otherwise , I fear not only for the safety of our men , but frankly , for their lives as well .	4
Watch your ass , [PERSON] boy .	1
Good ?	7
[PERSON] steers good .	8
It could break us financially .	4
I've always been in love with you .	5
For God's sake , be careful .	4
Queeg endangered the lives of the men .	4
Maybe he's got the flu or something	6
gonna die !	4
You always blame me !	1
Ooh , its breath was like a furnace !	7
Have you known [PERSON] long ?	2
Scram the son of a bitch .	1
If the check hasn't cleared , we can still get out of it .	2
Every citizen will have a living unit , safe , secure , and clean .	8
Look ... I don't know who you people are , but I saved the child's life , didn't I ?	1
Please stop it .	1
It'll be broken by dinner .	6
Come on , do what I tell you !	1
How you helped steal an election .	1
I'm not going to say Omega's the best house on campus ... but a lot of outstanding guys figure they'll pledge Omega or won't pledge at all .	5
About [PERSON] , you told me that your husband [PERSON] deserted you .	6
But what I tell [PERSON] to do , she will do .	8
You can say that again .	8
It's already on the : news .	4
Are you trying to tell me someone's dead , old boy ?	2
Please , [PERSON] , ple ... - You have to love me ,	1
Typical !	1
But you could help us in a rather special sense .	8
Do whatever you got to do to get him into that ring !	2
We are so proud of you . Do you get a discount ?	5
Maybe I expected him to be Daddy and he wasn't .	7
I don't want my picture taken .	1
Well , that depends upon your point of view , professor . What do you mean by that ?	1
You want to go ?	2
He's keeping his promise to [PERSON] in his own way .	8
Well , I never thought I'd spend my wedding night with you , [PERSON] .	7
While you try to steal my money the union accepts an offer from [PERSON] .	1
It's such a pleasant little place .	5
You shut up !	1
Hurry up , suckers , you're dragging !	3
I want to kill you .	1
Let's go have a drink !	2
I'll make it right with you .	1
We're all alone in this .	6
The more people who understand our work , the better .	8
Your hands are sunburned , aren't they ?	7
Oh , this is such a nice blouse , it has a lot of cleavage And that ought to be very good for business .	2
Come on . Cut it out .	1
Terrific .	5
Oh , you're the best , [PERSON] .	5
When I finish , then I'll escape and get it printed	2
Yes , that's very creative , [PERSON] .	8
Do you approvechamos ?	8
You remembered my favorite color .	7
I shouldn't be this drunk .	3
We'll set it all up .	8
Look , I ain't no snitch , but the reason me and [PERSON] don't speak no more is because I told him he went too far with that .	1
We're running out of time .	1
I don't know what's up , what shit you've been through to put you in that state .	3
This dying sticks in my mind and makes me poor company .	6
For if I'm not physician , how is it I know that you're a dying man ?	1
Praise our Lord [PERSON] .	8
You listening ?	2
What , it's over ?	6
Why are you looking at me ?	1
I want to ... I want to write to my girl .	2
Zardoz is pleased .	5
Make peace , you idiot .	1
He ain't such a bad horse .	8
That was the hope .	5
There's a train belonging to my government standing in [LOCATION] . There's a carriage for myself and my assistants .	8
I told you to come left , and fast .	1
to share my life with . 	8
I didn't even recognize her .	7
He's making his big move .	2
Now you're sticking your arse in the air five times a day , that makes shit different between me and you ?	1
[PERSON] , through you , we have learned that they seek plunder , not justice .	8
What about ten commendations for valour and the best felony arrest record in the history of this department ?	1
Turn around !	1
Where'd this come from ?	7
The World ls Going Up In Flames  ) 	1
What the hell am I living around here for ? 	1
You're just in time to help .	2
Much later , [PERSON] !	3
Want to be a hero , yeah ?	8
Things like this create a bad feeling .	6
Leave that paintbrush here !	1
I do not think that's important , right ?	3
You damn near broke my arm .	1
Teddy never made it .	6
This is good .	5
[LOCATION] is nice in the spring .	5
He's so cute .	8
That stuff will knock your socks off .	2
Isn't that extraordinary ?	5
Yeah , that's it . That's it . I love you , [PERSON] -[PERSON] !	8
I thought you got lost .	4
Fantasia !	2
I think I might love you , too .	8
Is he okay with that ?	8
No man is gonna make a liar out of me , sir .	1
My old friend . Not safe .	6
I'm tired of being only three inches high .	6
Now , you - you don't understand , [PERSON] .	1
You get in trouble over there , and I'd have a hell of a time gettin' you out .	1
Lovely woman . - Yes , I imagine what is .	5
I'm going right down .	2
Goddamn , that thing's got more holes than my daddy's rubber .	3
First you waste my time , then you get my name wrong !	1
I do not know what to do .	4
That's pretty sweet , right ?	5
That's more like it .	5
I didn't mean to scare you .	6
Come on , [PERSON] . I know you need it .	2
I want to ask you something .	2
Isn't this the finest time ?	5
Yeah , going public will not help you , or me .	2
It's not deep , but it's there .	5
With you guys it's always bad timing .	1
I never want to see one in Whitehall again !	1
Diamonds in your hair , rubies on your fingers .	5
That's okay .	8
You know , you're looking at a minimum twenty years ?	3
Have you been too little ?	2
Seems a shame to part company after all these years .	6
I don't have any secrets .	8
You're wasting your time with me . I'm nothing .	6
It's very pretty .	5
What the hell is going on here ?	1
We've always embraced the very things for which others have burned you at the stake .	1
And what does he want ?	1
I shouldn't have hit [PERSON] , shouldn't have picked up the telephone ...	6
Thanks for the recap .	2
Boy , I feel great .	5
I'll drive you home .	8
And he wouldn't let you help him ?	7
It's an expression .	1
And when the next plane is shot down , make sure you get the names and ages of the innocent victims right .	1
You're not making my job any easier .	1
Would you like to come with me and look for her ?	8
Sure , [PERSON] .	8
I'm supposed to have some interesting dreams .	8
I'm glad you came to the race .	5
You think you should have done something different but it's not your fault that [PERSON] died .	6
I think that we're lost .	4
I hope you don't mind my asking , and , believe me , I'm thrilled that you did , but why did you accept a blind date ?	8
Why is there a statue of a husky ?	7
Keep [PERSON] away from anything that smacks of politics .	3
[PERSON] , they just caught this guy .	7
We're ready with that live feed .	2
Don't mess around with it , and it won't mess with you .	1
Do you know Turn the car around and take me to my hotel  ? 	1
He's dead and buried , [PERSON] .	6
It's probably bullshit .	1
We'll take them like the last time .	2
There's plenty of Nuke to go around .	4
I wanted to let you know that the ambulance was late in getting away .	6
It's all over , [PERSON] .	6
I'll ask the questions , you just nod or shake your head .	1
He dropped his old - fashioned wrench .	3
Pricks , one and all .	8
As always in my life , everything begins with my family .	8
Oh , no , no , no . I want to hear more about this .	2
They have no husbands and they cry .	6
I still have the witness to look after	2
What kind of a girl are you , anyway ?	7
What a strange - looking dogl	7
So I figured while I'm here I'll lose a few pounds .	2
You told me that when you overwork you get nervous and lose weight .	6
I told Mr [PERSON] ...	8
You got a big nose and you're sticking it too far in my business .	1
We'll have a whole factory .	2
He's gonna do it . Come on !	2
What'd she take ? - Pills .	4
That's a fair question , [PERSON] .	8
Drop gun .	1
We take this , they'll booger us forever !	4
Fantastic !	5
I'm glad I saw it before becoming extinct .	5
[PERSON] , are you sure you want to come along ?	2
Are you gonna retire or not ?	3
Holy smoke .	8
[PERSON] , if there's one thing I know about , it's Mr. [PERSON] Q. Public .	5
You think I have a chance at that ?	2
I do not want to hear one more insubordinate word ... from anyone in this platoon .	3
[PERSON] god - damn holy reverent shit !	3
Will you be joining us , Mr. [PERSON] ?	2
Laughter and cuddles .	5
You have destroyed our refuge .	1
And I cried the whole time .	6
How they handle all this and ride a horse at the same time is beyond me .	7
Your book is brilliant ... but it lacks scope .	7
Do something please !	3
Let us out !	1
You're not gonna see the sunset over there .	1
We don't want advantages , and we don't want prejudices .	1
Eat your breakfast and forget it .	1
I must speak to Mr [PERSON] .	2
You can't go down there !	7
I've told you that he is what other men are not .	8
Want to get the fuck out of here ?	1
You have nothing to fear .	8
What do you think ? Yeah , that's it .	2
I'll kill him !	1
That doesn't make him yours .	1
I agree with you .	8
Yes , I was responsible .	8
I'd like to say hi to all the guys down at work .	2
Isn't that the young woman who was staying in your house ?	2
They're shit , [PERSON] .	1
All clear on the site .	8
Very nice show , [PERSON] .	5
Then why don't you obey ?	1
Ned will tell you exactly when to put in an appearance .	2
They seem so childish .	3
I was window - shopping in [LOCATION] , daydreaming about what I'd buy for her , if I had any money .	6
There's something I'd like to ask you .	2
I think we have had enough ... Unsupported accusations for one case ... Dr. [PERSON] .	1
No deal !	1
A guy who was a pain in the neck even before I carried his stuff .	1
I will not ever sit on those eggs !	1
You're wasting your time .	1
I don't know about you guys ... but I got ta get outta here .	4
Everybody's a boat freak ?	7
You gave me your word .	2
We can't have that .	1
Everybody's mother's got to die sometime .	6
You are now different .	3
You told me you were taking me home .	3
That was very considerate of him .	8
Why do guys always know how to hit a woman right across the cheek , wham , and it feels like your eye is going to explode ?	3
When I get home , I shall write a book about this place .	2
Barney , I am sorry .	6
You aren't one of them , are you ?	1
I'd like to take you in my arms and not let anything happen to you , ever .	8
He's looking for me .	2
Anyway , these are the things that was taught to me and , if you want , I'd like to teach to you .	8
You never used to drink it straight like that .	7
What do I care about your philosophy of the soldier ?	1
It's no big deal .	8
I don't like this house .	1
You can't tell anybody .	4
What ? That I'm your little puppet ?	1
Wait a minute , I'm ahead of you .	7
What kind of a system is this ? Can you move these cars out of here ?	3
These guys sure aren't the DEA , but it's still [PERSON]'s party .	8
There are whores in [LOCATION] who have carved my name on trees .	3
Well , tell Mrs. [PERSON] to get to the bottom of it somehow .	1
Two years ago , you asked my father my hand .	5
I have to live every single day of my life now with everything that's happened to me .	6
My career will be ruined .	4
I know you have .	8
Are you kidding me ? !	1
You're under arrest .	4
It's safe , trust me .	8
When I got back , we were short two blokes ' rations .	1
He's seeing his mistress there .	8
What're you gonna do with me ?	4
You're getting the deluxe treatment .	5
We need the Sheriff .	8
If you don't , somebody else will .	1
Sure , you're fine , you've got plenty .	5
Pick it , boy , pick it !	5
How come you just didn't have a baby ?	1
I've been waiting days for that slow boat of yours to come in !	1
That's the boy wonder ?	7
Let's just see what's in there .	2
gonna be held as sheriff , if they elect me .	2
The police would know what to do .	8
Because it seems so hopeless , is that it ?	6
There's one thing you oughta know , professor ...	4
Were you a guest ?	7
You stay out of this .	1
As it is , this is not the life I want for our children , for myself and for you .	6
I'm afraid so .	4
Coco sounds like she caught the old man cheating again .	3
Isn't that pretty ?	5
It was a good idea .	8
There won't be trouble from the dead .	1
This is a surprise .	7
I want to see it now !	2
What if they catch the Captain before he gets help ?	4
How would you like the holy hell kicked out of you ?	1
I'm gonna speak to your ma !	1
I called and called . - Where were you last night ?	8
If we keep our stern to the wind , we'll roll over .	4
Yes . - Well , this is an emergency !	4
I slaved for you for over ten years without even a raise or a promotion .	1
If you hadn't fixed the radio , we wouldn't know about the train .	8
Car exploded outside .	4
[PERSON] , I'm not so sure about this .	2
He's waiting for you .	2
Fine ! But I'm not making a speech .	8
Quiet !	1
I don't want to take up too much time .	2
Yes , the King .	8
Get her .	1
You got ta get these emotions under control , son .	1
I tell you somethin' .	1
There's nothing else I can do .	6
All right , what is it if I may ask , You do want to do ?	1
So you really think they're keeping the missiles on a ship ?	2
What's happened now ?	2
[PERSON] , she's dead .	8
The only two sober people there .	8
Uh ... Yes ? No offense , but I think	1
We're looking good here .	5
And I'm thinking that , well ... maybe the mill's taking you away from me and [PERSON] .	6
Did ya ? There was a razorback in my truck !	1
Yes , Ma found him slumped over his desk that morning ...	6
Let's try this ...	2
You're very wise .	8
Then once you cross [LOCATION] , you're scot - free , that is until ... Dead Dingo Pass .	2
Mind keeping that door closed , please ?	1
[PERSON] , most can barely walk .	4
You all right ?	2
I've already seen a doctor .	1
Uh , not very long .	1
Have enough respect for me not to lie .	1
That's quite a knife you carry .	4
You're gonna die .	1
You kids play baseball ?	2
Word is there may be as many as more dead bodies up there .	4
Thanks , man .	8
You speak to me of code ?	3
Get rid of her .	1
No one can help me .	6
He doesn't think the forensic chemist will be able to ID the spermicide .	4
I have an idea !	5
Oh , fuck him .	1
You've done damage enough .	1
God , it was bright .	1
It won't be long now , comrades .	2
I should still have enough clout to pull that off . What do you say ?	2
I recall this belongs to you .	8
I gave him my compartment . He only had coach seats .	5
I wouldn't want to face it .	4
I'm falling ...	6
But you seem to go to [LOCATION] rather more than you come to [LOCATION] .	6
workingmen stand ready for work on Monday ... on the largest slaughterhouse outside [LOCATION] .  	3
Yeah , I'm gonna feed her .	8
So , I heard you we're going to propose to [PERSON] in some theme park .	7
No , I don't like it .	3
He had a bad moustache , a lot of bad habits .	3
All I ever do is try to make you happy .	6
The day before she did that terrible thing to me .	1
Sometimes the captain of a ship needs help ... constructive loyalty .	8
Hey , freak - face , we found your pals .	3
We are going to explode ! All right . [PERSON] , .	4
I know old [PERSON] .	8
And just what exactly are your intentions , young man ?	6
No , it isn't . Because right now , I have to decide whether he should stay at the firm .	6
So , you're getting married ?	2
I'm going to see my mother before she dies ... in [LOCATION] .	2
♪ Ooh , ooh , ooh ♪ ♪ When we kissed , I. . . ♪ ♪ Bubbled up like molten lava ♪	5
God , we got a single shooter , southeast tower .	4
I do not like this side of you .	3
Look , it's [PERSON] !	7
I wasn't looking where I was going .	6
I don't want to harm you .	6
Did you do this ?	7
[PERSON] says you guessed the strategy months ago .	2
How about this . How about you call me never .	1
That's a weapon in your world ?	7
No , no , they don't .	1
It was my fault .	6
Your little playmate's gone , and I suggest we do the same .	1
Come on ! What's it mean , anyway ?	3
Hey , look at you !	5
Don't you see me standing right here ?	1
We were friends from high school and we just sort of hooked up again .	5
And you will call me in a couple of days .	2
Will you hold this a minute , please ?	8
Who do you think you're talking to . Shut up and go back to work .	1
I'm still in my office , I'll wait for you .	2
One !	7
This heat is really something .	7
For heaven's sake , stay there !	1
Glad to see I'm not the only case you're working .	5
You'll see what man's carved out for himself after centuries of fighting for something better than jungle law .	5
Good for you , [PERSON] .	5
We've no other choice .	6
How about paying for something you drop by accident ?	3
You're kidding me .	1
The government in the palm of my hand .	2
Let's kill him now .	1
Why even tell me about it ? Because I needed to tell you !	1
I wonder how she likes it now , being ordered about by an ex-chorus girl .	3
All of them ?	7
Let's hope it holds out .	2
[PERSON] , I wondered who ate these damn things .	3
I guess I can't blame you .	6
What's in the pot ?	2
Well ... I've heard enough .	3
You're breaking my fucking arm ! - Hurry !	1
How do I look ?	2
Fuck the law .	1
He might win a few fights , but a Rocky Balboa he'll never be .	1
You . I trust you , [PERSON] .	8
I have to take a bus .	1
The trouble with me ? I'm not very good at looking ahead .	6
You gonna cry , [PERSON] ?	6
Unfortunately , he couldn't find me .	6
I'll meet you after where we said .	2
Yeah , we're working on it .	8
Let me finish . Of course nobody will buy it if they know it's rat .	1
Thanks for the warning .	8
You like to smoke , right ? You like to smoke ?	2
But no more odd , surely , than my driving away that day , away from her , knowing that , inevitably , we would meet again .	8
No further questions .	3
Must I remind you that you are the fugitive from justice , and not I ?	3
I'm sorry , the coffee's gone .	6
That's why audiences love me .	5
Shouldn't we be going ?	1
You were married .	7
But , in a democracy , we do not shoot unarmed suspects on sight for a murder in which their participation is still unproven .	3
We were thinking of getting engaged anyway .	2
It must have been here all day .	7
He hates everybody .	1
Don't push . - What's wrong ?	4
You're kidding , right ?	7
[PERSON]'s gonna kill me , [PERSON] .	4
I've been crying all morning because I thought I'd never see you again .	6
But you're holding something back .	1
He was nice .	5
In her medicine cabinet ?	7
Oh , what a delightful child .	5
Listen , maybe you and I could get together sometime after [PERSON] leaves .	8
You gonna come in soon ?	2
Or God knows in how many lifetimes you'll be paying for it .	4
Issues ? Bullshit .	1
Go on .	8
I told the police what I saw .	8
Do you speak english ? - ( speaks spanish )	7
Feeling better , I see .	5
See ? I might as well be in a Mother [PERSON] .	1
I want to go to fashion school .	2
Another break - in by some ... Sex - crazed man .	1
I've reconsidered my position on your acquisition offer .	3
No . [PERSON] is definitely not ' with me  ' . 	3
You feel better , [PERSON] ?	5
You won't believe it until you see it .	7
No , he's different ! Please , Father , for me !	4
It is the monster !	4
Want to see a strange object ?	2
Mom ?	4
Stall their deliveries , push them off the streets !	1
Evil spirits pervade this road	4
You don't have to worry .	8
You can't come in .	1
I'm not gonna hurt you .	8
I want to see a warrant .	1
I would like a water turtle , and this gentleman is interested in a dog .	8
Do you understand what I'm saying ?	1
Hey , man , tell me what's up , maybe I can help you .	2
But I can't volunteer anything .	4
I've had enough , thanks .	8
If she succeeds , the consequences will be disastrous .	4
No , it isn't . Just because we aren't expecting resistance , don't relax on this one .	4
Do you know anything about them ?	2
Hey , [PERSON] , while you're down there trying to figure out the female race ... you might as well take a bath .	3
But this child is the world's hope .	8
Hey , wasn't it gruesome , that girl who was shot in the street today ?	6
Let the fire fall !	5
Ladies , I am amazed to think how you can endure as cold a few days without helaros .	8
A lot of firepower .	4
I'm not taking the heat for all this .	1
Am I interrupting something ?	7
If you ever want anything , anything at all , just ask for [PERSON] .	8
Get me some water .	8
I'm a nice guy up to a certain point , but don't get me sore .	1
For you to become a murderer ?	3
Don't you think he's got a point ?	8
Well , ain't that good ?	5
[PERSON] were coming out of his nose .	3
No , I know how to make lemonade .	1
If I go , you'll ruin me .	4
We'll just go and have a great time anyway , huh ?	5
An animal had gnawed off its own foot to escape from a trap .	6
We need to leave now .	4
You found her .	5
Oh , no , Mom . I have to get up early .	3
Didn't you march today ?	7
If [PERSON] was drugged , do you believe what he's saying ?	2
I don't believe it .	7
That means she can probably handle the kidnappers on her end .	8
Bitch .	3
God , it will be so good to be finished with all this .	2
And m the tooth fairy . 	3
I'm afraid we're not able to provide you with all the conveniences , but we hope you'll find it comfortable .	8
My drinking does not interfere with my work .	8
Evie , can not be true !	7
Do you think I'd be grateful for an easy life when my friends are treated like animals ?	3
Nobody could ever say different .	8
I don't need you falling apart on me .	6
We had the kind of relationship where we laughed and laughed and laughed all the time .	5
Oh , Captain , you got to stop this .	8
Therefore , owing to circumstances which , believe me , are beyond my control , I hereby advise you not to come to [LOCATION] to make the test .	3
What a place to be stuck .	4
Let's get the skiff out and shove off !	5
The town is perfectly all right .	5
I want to know absolutely everything that's happened up till now .	2
Please save us .	4
What difference does it make whether I'm enjoying myself or not ?	3
We'll get him out of town .	1
It puts him in the area within one hour of the first killing .	4
I will not do it .	1
Wear 'em on your collar .	1
Oh , the storm's coming .	2
They were beautiful once .	5
If you can find a job , if it pays more than $ 50 , a week ... and if you don't get involved with another maniac .	3
Is it true ?	1
You're just spoiled . You've thrown everything away .	1
She told about the squalor and filth into which she and her brother were born , and how they grew up like animals .	3
We've come to wish you gladness .	5
Come on ...	3
Stop it !	1
She'll be dead before the sound gets there .	4
Daisy , you look lovely .	5
I can't believe that .	7
But I am guilty .	6
He died a year later .	6
Why is he driving ?	7
How did you pull that ? What do you got ...	7
Don't be fresh , dear .	1
Lighten up , Chief .	1
The people of my state need permanent relief from crooked men !	3
I'm surprised you didn't buy more than one dress yesterday .	7
You're so expert on things .	8
Let go of my rifle .	1
[PERSON] talked with the Inglethorp and it goes away .	2
Havin' the best and wearing ' the best .	5
Your dinner smells good .	5
A day made for breakfast and reading the Sunday paper .	5
No one wants to fly with you .	1
I'm from sacramento .	5
What , are you guys blind or something ?	1
I don't understand what's going on today .	4
I hate to ask you this after you've been so helpful but could you do something for me tonight ?	8
They been bothering me .	1
Darling , he'll never be able to support you .	4
That's pretty important , all that .	8
I'm going to jump .	6
Of course I'm talking about Delta , you twerp !	1
[LOCATION] to [LOCATION] , hauling shit for assholes .	3
Well , you're so much stronger than I am .	6
But how do you live there all by yourself ?	7
I love it !	5
Give me the money .	1
Let's try it again . Oh , come on .	1
The Ambassador too would be delighted .	5
I'm not sure how to operate that thing .	4
You're gonna leave your team ?	1
We're in a war zone , [PERSON] : Two motorcycle officers horribly wounded in a crossfire , the police seemingly unable to rescue them in spite of several desperate , heroic attempts .	6
You picked up that awful thing to show us your contempt .	3
We've lost our picture .	6
Some days I wake up --	4
I'm doing everything in my power not to fire you .	8
You have till five o'clock .	3
You may be right .	8
Whereas when you scratch the apprentice kid ,	6
It will be divine .	5
Hello !	2
I've known [PERSON] for almost 30 , years .	8
I think maybe he'll listen to you .	8
I'm very happy to know you , sir .	5
Mrs. [PERSON] !	2
Well , how else was I supposed to get [PERSON] to come home ?	1
I respect you .	8
Give me my clothes , please .	1
I hope he dies of pneumonia . - Did you see that shit ?	1
I won't take it !	1
I still haven't recovered No energy to jump	6
We need you to know what work we'll give you .	8
You need money , and quickly .	4
A Parisian only goes to the Tower in moments of despair to jump off .	6
You make things possible , Mr. [PERSON] , and I've been afraid for things to be possible . Miss [PERSON] , your check .	8
I can't say it on the phone , but I need you to help me .	8
Why aren't you chasing ambulances ?	7
Yeah ?	2
Just look at what they've done .	3
I was frantic .	4
l hate this part .	1
Oh , did I ? Uh , I am .	7
Slip the jab , [PERSON] !	8
The woman that let her in swears your secretary told her she was with the National Transportation Safety Board .	7
Cheers !	2
Sometime this year we'll take those guns to [LOCATION] and have them fitted properly .	2
I wanted to blame myself for my dad's drinking , for my mom's crying all the time and her emotional breakdown .	6
Ignore that beast , [PERSON] . You joined the church Because you had no talents , no skills ,	3
From any of those islands , he could launch a strike against [LOCATION] - [PERSON] .	4
All I care about is power and money .	2
I was only trying to be nice to make her feel good .	6
I hadn't heard . I'm sorry .	6
You must not do this thing to him .	1
Red boy . You know that's a white man thing , innit ?	1
I enjoy to live .	5
Now put the wings on it .	8
Everything gets easier from now on .	5
What must it be before you're satisfied with it ?	1
Still you should have asked before taking it	1
Mind your own business .	1
Essex , when will you realize how vital it is not to make enemies at court ?	3
I come to offer a treaty of peace to King [PERSON] .	8
I'll tell your dad I did , okay .	8
We can't do this to him !	6
Even if I were wearing a wire , this noise would wreck the tape .	1
Or what ?	1
I most certainly do love her .	5
Do you want to smell ?	2
I was just taking a rest after battling some ghosts and you say I'm blocking your way	1
I've come to take care of you and your brother .	2
What is he looking at ?	2
You're a liar , boy .	3
There are a hundred other places that really need the water !	1
Civilians this time .	1
Look after you .	4
I'm getting tired of this .	1
I won't . I promise . Goodbye , sweetheart .	8
You'll tell her how you manipulated the American mood , hmm ?	3
How did you find that out ?	7
I've been sick , [PERSON] .	6
If I catch any of you guys in my stuff , I'll kill you .	3
This is what I've been waitin' for !	2
Don't you dare turn that off !	1
I'm ashamed of you .	3
The judges that are making these decisions are gonna be read about in history .	8
What beautiful roses .	5
We need to intercept them before they pay that ransom .	2
It tried to kill my Raymond !	4
You know what they say about black cops in the ghetto ?	2
I thought I was someone who I wasn't .	7
I'll play .	2
This was calculated disrespect to your commanding officer .	3
The governor sounds unhinged .	6
You're the craziest old fool I guess I ever did see .	3
Get back here !	1
Six months or so ago , I fell in love with one of them .	5
Do you know , you were pretty cute in there today , my little .	5
What sort of a man are you ?	7
Still eating ?	3
What else ?	2
I represent your partner .	8
I don't know if he was a good man or if he was a bad man .	7
You practically raped her one night .	3
Because when you talked about murder on the tapes ... I assumed it was just hallucination .	6
Don't misunderstand me .	4
The fleet didn't order us to manoeuvre at discretion .	1
* don't want to be re-re-re-repossessed * * re-re-re-repossessed	4
Stop putting on that gear !	1
Tell them to leave .	1
Let me get you a transfer , sir .	8
Come on out here with me and I'll show you .	2
A rebel .	3
Well , maybe things will be better over there .	2
I am here to discuss the so - called flying saucers .	2
Come on , man .	6
[LOCATION] is not gonna have a baby .	6
Father , what's going on here ?	7
Yeah , this is really beautiful .	5
Go on , go to work .	1
Besides , etiquette demands that I kill him .	2
Knew we'd be too obsessed by the perpetrator inside the bank to see much more than a beard or a blond or a whiny jerk . What do you got ?	1
We needed to see what you were capable of , [PERSON] , and I've a family to protect .	1
I'm the wrong guy to say that to , huh ?	1
Are you dumb ?	1
And then I shot him .	1
As you say , a foolish article .	3
Promise ?	8
I'm not required to do your public relations .	1
I'll miss that man .	6
They are so beautiful .	5
Oh , I think not .	1
Hey , there's no one better than old [PERSON] .	5
Some day you can punch out your pop .	1
You could run a few thousand volts through him .	1
Oh I bet you do ... and then minutes later every cop in the state'd be after us .	1
That's very nice .	5
It's a fine - lookin' picture .	5
What I say is , why go on living with them if they can't stand them ?	7
I'd appreciate your advice before we leave .	8
[PERSON] , I - I - I love you .	4
Me not work ?	7
Engineered like no other car .	8
Now , I happen to know of a prick that's responsible for the whole fucking operation and that son of bitch is hurting out there , and I'm fucking liking it .	1
Can you come and have some breakfast with me ?	5
I need a drink .	2
Do any good ?	2
So , you are not seriously hurt ?	2
I just don't wan na hurt her feelings .	6
Concentrate .	2
Well , I'm sure things must have been difficult with your parents passing .	6
What does that mean ?	1
Take a couple , sir .	8
You're starting to piss me off .	1
A command is a lonely job . It isn't easy to make decisions .	6
You have to wash up all over or no dinner .	3
Who would do something like this ?	1
What are you wearing my coat for ?	2
I'm gonna be sick .	3
I think I'll wait a moment with [PERSON] if you don't mind .	1
You said you loved me , I always love me .	5
I'm a little bit frightened .	4
How are things ?	2
If [PERSON] comes back , I'll give him a bust right in the mouth .	3
Help me ...	8
When I'm wearing a new bonnet ... all the figures I ever knew go right out of my head .	6
We'll have a little surprise for you tonight .	2
And you got a lovely face .	5
You wouldn't want me to go in with a blunt scalpel .	5
I think you know everybody here .	8
Now look , Captain , you're an educated man .	8
I appreciate it .	5
These darn things are heavy !	1
What do you mean , you can't ?	1
I want to speak ...	2
And you look lovely in the candlelight .	5
We've got the perfect weapon , right over our heads .	8
Sort of takin' the long way , aren't ya ?	4
These are some of the highest ranking military officials in our defense program .	4
Let's move . Come on .	1
Don't bother .	1
I didn't say I came to kill anybody , all right ?	2
Look , what you've done .	3
He also does not support me .	4
It's hard , this fight .	6
Why can't this guy stay on the ground ?	1
You know , we still got to decorate .	2
I have heard of the arrogant male in capitalistic society .	3
I hate you all .	1
Are you saying you're insane ? Is that your defense ? - Plus she took a lot of prescription medicine .	1
You said you could supply weapons ?	2
Nothing .	1
None of our business .	1
Ah , he's peeing on me !	3
We didn't have a mortgage .	6
Goddamn it , do something .	1
Sweetest little guy .	5
You want to come into this house , you ring the damn bell !	1
I saw it , but I didn't believe it .	7
It's been a long year .	6
He polluted their guts with language that shouldn't be inside of no man !	3
Screw the captain .	1
This company of adults made the decision to post these pictures without even taking the time to find out if they were children .	1
What'd you do with the one you killed ? I hid the body .	8
Ahoy , there !	2
Oh , it tastes bitter .	3
I didn't know you played a saxophone .	7
Is anybody hurt ?	4
When I got back to the hotel , I couldn't sleep .	6
I wanted to save the ship .	6
But you do remember this , don't you ?	1
We'll have a crew yet !	2
Happy ? !	1
When that light hits the water , this boat will be compromised .	4
Don't .	4
Hadn't they promised to keep our name out of it ?	7
Will you think about it ? - Yes .	8
Just shut up about her , all right ?	1
After all , it has already improved .	8
There's no escape .	6
You're lying .	3
The military that uses the war machines and justifies them , and then the intelligence community that is not really an intelligence community , it's a covert operations community , armed with military weapons and nuclear weapons , and that they're trying to push the boundaries now	1
Piedmontese navy will be very important in your life .	8
I'm going to call up [PERSON] now .	2
I'm not available .	1
Who told you that ?	7
They're to get here right away .	2
Hey ! Want me to wrestle you up some breakfast ? Uh-oh !	7
I want to drink a toast to you .	2
So what's gonna happen to me ?	4
Oh , you understand the occult !	7
Well ... L - l - listen ! Don't say anything to [PERSON] about this , all right ?	4
Soon you'll even forget that your last name is Chow	1
That's what friends are for .	8
I wouldn't take the slightest risk now you've made such a great reputation for yourself in the Senate .	4
Never mind .	1
Stay focused , keep your distance . You must not be revealed .	2
Groovy .	5
I'll sit by your side until you're ready .	8
I mean , our smartphone has to be the smartest . - Yeah .	2
That's why I do things ... to feel good .	5
Who appear to be inconvenient , or troublesome through knowing too much .	4
That ain't [LOCATION] .	1
I'm even ready to mambo .	8
We're seven minutes behind schedule .	1
You think you'd like to try that before you eat ?	2
It takes away the pain .	6
100 % truthful , Ace ? - Yeah .	8
Good morning !	5
Didn't even know he was still alive .	7
For the first time in my whole life , I know what I want to do .	5
It's proven extremely effective at uniting the public around a perceived threat .	5
OCP cut our salaries percent and canceled our pensions . Now they refuse to even talk to us .	1
I just wan na go home .	4
I'm sure glad we've run into you .	5
We'll have dinner at the St Regis , go to a nice snappy show , then to a nightclub , sit and listen to the soft music , and who knows ?	2
It's cold .	3
I'm not the same pathetic , trusting fool that I was a couple of days ago .	3
And everybody say hello to kit - [PERSON] !	7
Let me talk to you . - Break it up . Move along .	1
I worry about you , that's all .	4
You must have had a happy childhood .	5
You're lovely .	5
Yeah , well , who knew ? - God damn .	1
Nimbly !	8
How can you drink that shit ?	3
Turn 'em off !	1
Until a trial ... When she sees her husband suffer ... The way she never ...	3
You seem personally invested in this .	2
I was afraid of making a fool of myself .	4
Your client knows that if I go to jail , he and his friends will go with me .	4
It was a blessing and God was watching over us that day when they made that decision .	5
That's wonderful , darling .	5
How'd we do ?	2
Who is this delivery from ?	7
( chuckles )	5
I wanted to see you .	2
Attention !	1
Dolores , a bourbon , and make it a double .	2
I got it , but I don't know .	8
You should have thought of that before you left the house .	1
No scars .	2
Amen ! Amen !	5
I love you too much , you know that .	5
You've made me a very happy old man .	8
We're not going to plant anything , if that's what you're worried about .	1
Ruuuuuth !	1
He's good - looking .	5
I'll buy you one . C'mon , we've got our own schedule to meet .	5
Let me try .	1
I'll see you later , Shooter .	2
Do we have to sit with them ?	3
I'll never be able to match that .	4
[PERSON] can sense a detective from miles away .	8
They made me mad .	1
I'll be in in an hour . - OK .	2
Yeah , he's alive and well and living in [LOCATION] .	5
As part of this amnesty it will not be necessary for officers to do manual labour .	5
Break it up . Break it up .	1
Can you pass some portable pumps to us ?	2
I offered the dough because I wanted to thank you .	5
Just take a breath .	8
Anyway you can't go to the hospital .	6
Hey . Good work .	5
Wan na go have some fun ?	2
You want to know something interesting ?	8
You can still climb in that kiddie car and take a hike ... unless you can fight better than you can drive !	8
Maybe I ought to be a hero more often , huh ?	2
Abracadabra !	7
Pa's no killer !	1
Open that door again , you'll run a 3 - legged race to the undertaker .	3
Well , rest assured , you're not alone .	8
And he was isaac the dreamer . - ( yawns )	3
And in the enchantment of the moment , we'd let poetry work its magic .	5
I contacted the police , I contacted the FBI .	4
So , we got rogue individual or complete institutional failure ?	1
She really do all that dancing ?	7
Our worries are over .	5
Wasting my occult talents !	1
We don't understand .	6
[LOCATION]'s not that great , you know .	7
He'd trade his soul to the devil in return for that one moment of real happiness .	8
I mean , aside from all of this junk .	3
I can't dance tonight .	6
Don't !	1
Aye , aye , sir .	8
Don't do it haphazardly This spell is hard to reverse	4
You take pleasure in torturing people !	3
So you do not recognize me ?	6
You don't have to believe it , honey , just act it .	1
Give me the lighter .	1
Oh , my God . It's the devil .	4
You took her from my house last night !	1
[PERSON] will never stand for it .	6
Yeah . Too good .	4
I've been robbed .	4
What's the matter , [PERSON] ?	4
I had trouble getting back to the sub .	1
He can raise public opinion against us .	4
[PERSON] has been shot , it belongs to us , Homicide Bureau .	8
All right , talk !	1
This is bullshit !	1
He's complete now .	8
a man you can look at in the daytime .	5
It's ticking like a bomb .	4
That's just wonderful !	5
Looks like the coast is clear .	2
Honey , why don't you go out to the kitchen and bring us some of those ... fancy little hors d'oeuvres .	8
Even collects stray boys and cats .	8
Why don't you go play with your friends ?	5
He sweats gasoline that man !	3
I'm going to tell you a funny story .	2
Fuck [LOCATION] .	1
We are taking The Nautilus down for the last time .	2
I've got something to tell you .	8
Here comes another truck !	2
I don't need entertaining .	1
Where the hell are they ?	1
Satan : I'll be back !	2
Then , instruct [PERSON] to stay put with your younger brother .	1
You think I killed her .	6
Silver snow falling on the ship .	5
I wish I was .	1
I don't want to see them .	3
Where'd you learn to talk dirty like that ?	2
This cutter's broken .	6
I'll take my chances .	2
You like the color , [PERSON] ?	2
If a sorcerer's house isn't his castle , what is it ?	1
He's got it all worked out .	5
Mr [PERSON] , you've really chapped my ass and I've had just about enough .	3
and you will be responsible for keeping weapons out of space .  	4
I'm your worst nightmare .	1
It drags at your heart till ... you can't do anything but look back .	6
So the police are extended giving the famous protection , for which we are justly proud in this country , for a finger , eh ?	6
Times have changed , haven't they ?	5
Real men always have .	2
He thinks the world of me .	5
There's somebody at the door .	7
Then if you did get me well and I went to him , you wouldn't like it .	6
I heard had good marinara sauce . How was it ?	2
I want you to pull over and stop so's we don't have an accident or worse .	4
Are you going to come or do I have to drag you ?	1
Must be a beautiful horse .	5
Why don't you move in here permanently ?	2
And then , I see your face .	5
You're fucking stabbing me in the back , man .	3
She's got a great body .	5
Count could teach me of [LOCATION] .	2
Suppose they meet ?	4
We got everything we need . - Okay . Great .	5
What in the name of [LOCATION]'s balls are you doing out here alone , lady ?	4
Just get going .	1
How is Barley paying you , Mr Wicklow ?	2
That extension was a power of attorney , [PERSON] !	1
Yes , you may think that we're distracted , but don't fool yourself .	1
Can you tell me where the [LOCATION] [LOCATION] is ?	2
You know I've been in situations , where , like , I've been shot at . You realize that , right ?	8
I owe him a lot .	8
Yeah , um , are we starting the interview now ?	4
She had been very abused .	1
Well , that's very poetic .	3
I know you're Wesen .	8
Are you ?	7
Ms. [PERSON] , this is an outrageous situation .	7
Wait , and you never went to the cops after all these years .	7
You know what I'm talking about .	8
No , [PERSON] likes vulgar women .	3
I lost my virginity and was raped , and I. . .	4
Can you imagine that guy ?	7
Adalind went into labor .	5
She just seems , I don't know , lonely .	6
There's no room in sports for people like you .	3
There's a wireless in this hut , sir .	7
Then , you'll want to say goodbye .	6
I'll tell you why I'm calling .	1
Are you nuts ?	3
We just having a little fun .	5
Don't worry , last night a very trustworthy friend kept his eyes open .	8
I just invited him to dinner .	2
Excuse me , but we've got a flight that's just about to leave .	4
I'm worth the risk , you'll see .	2
I am seeing .	5
If that's humor , don't bother .	1
Four , this is Leader . Is he gonna be a problem ?	1
♪ I swear by my tattoo ♪	8
She's won and I've lost .	6
What a divine place .	5
And I trust you .	8
How come they're happier than us ?	1
They'll be back in two or three days .	2
He tied her up ... He beat her with some instrument and strangled her .	4
If you want to get into that cellar , you get in there now or forget it !	1
Now , you may kill me , but if you don't come to your senses and throw it down , they're gonna kill you .	4
And I got so drunk I puked spaghetti everywhere .	7
How do they explain a man walking around with his neck broken ?	7
No , honey the drink's on me .	8
That's very rude , refusing to dance with [PERSON] .	3
Oh , my poor husband .	6
Will you get out of here !	1
It's a boy !	5
Death was from suffocation .	6
I really need your help , Mr [PERSON] .	8
Save us digging new ones .	8
But I couldn't help noticing , despite the habit , that you're quite young .	7
And whoever holds [LOCATION] points a dagger at the heart of [LOCATION] .	1
Shut the fuck up .	1
Honey , babe .	8
She stood for justice .	8
I was wondering when you'd show up .	1
Every time I think about it , I get sad and depressed , and I'm having flashbacks .	6
Let me be the judge of that .	1
I just don't want it to happen to my sisters , or your kids , or the next kid .	4
Take my word for it , and don't try it .	8
Will you please tell me how you knew that ?	7
Hey , Crystal , I want to show you this . Now , what's gonna happen here ...	1
Not to come to [LOCATION] , at least not for a while .	4
I love you too .	5
Oh , that's just great , [PERSON] !	5
Uh , I'm father mayii . I called ...	4
I just happen to be taking the same train .	7
You wan na infiltrate a motorcycle gang you don't know how to ride a motorcycle ?	7
What we have in mind has never been tried before .	2
I have risen to a difficult task .	4
Now , keep your mouth shut until you can say something suitable .	1
I fucking love it !	5
Yes , I'm afraid I was misquoted .	6
You may join the others belonging to my uncle ... and henceforth you may take your orders from him .	3
You're a genius , old boy !	8
Why didn't you tell me about you and [PERSON] ?	1
I'm awfully sorry , darling .	6
Your friend's a crook , a liar and a thief .	1
The train is so stupid .	3
Remember that in the years ahead when you're directing cigarette butts on television !	1
He was a [LOCATION] bus driver , and when I was a boy , he used to take me over the river to [LOCATION] , where the rich people lived .	8
I hope that while we're waiting , another disaster doesn't occur .	4
Move it , man , move it !	1
And you found out ?	7
I'm trapped , [LOCATION] .	4
But what's she doing off of [LOCATION] with part of that fleet's treasure ?	7
Gentlemen , there's a God in heaven .	8
They climbed down the damn chimney .	1
There's a lovely fire in the living room .	5
The questions will float to the surface .	2
I need a lift home .	8
It's beyond me how the more money a corporation loses , the more it makes , because of the carryovers with the write - offs .	7
Hell , I guess so . You guess so . Well , that's beautiful .	1
Don't even think about it .	1
Why don't you let me help you ?	6
Is that true ?	7
I'm sorry . I'm just frustrated .	3
So , I take it you've been busy .	6
But if you care about us , you do not do this .	8
What do you mean , I'm not the type ?	1
Don't shoot ! Don't shoot !	4
Ladies , please , can you please quiet down ?	1
What's your dream ?	2
You're working on your master's ?	2
Oh , I'd love to live out in the country .	2
I know so .	8
Well , we'd been scouting for what is called delicately a new face .  	2
Why remember things when you can wish for them ?	2
Anyone who would deface a work of art with a color like that ought to have his ass removed .	1
Yeah , yeah . I'm fine .	8
Wan na make me proud , kid ?	8
Come on , [PERSON] , move over .	1
Keep your head down , hotshot !	1
The smell .	3
They're retarded .	1
I'm the one that left you that note today . That's so strange .	4
What's dying ?	4
Don't make me laugh .	5
Got it .	8
Think of the years of suffering , deprivation and hardship among those awful savages .	6
And I don't need you to drop your suit because you have no case .	3
I know him . She knows him .	8
Do you want me to come with you ?	8
We were almost there and now all this is going to hold us up .	6
Call the police .	4
And now your grandmother is here and the ceremony starts at noon .	2
Things'll be different when [PERSON] gets back .	1
Either you're a fool or an inhuman woman .	3
Damn glad to meet you .	5
You think you can laugh me out of it as if I were a child .	3
I know a way .	8
It is not my [PERSON] , [PERSON] .	1
Now , [PERSON] , what time do we meet tonight , huh ?	2
Sicking that horrible dame on him .	3
Hit him in the head .	1
If you're starving don't waste your money	2
Otherwise , what good am I to them ?	6
It's no use anyway .	3
My argument with [PERSON] had nothing to do with any sudden realization .	1
I can't start acting like a father now .	4
Oh , I'm sorry .	3
Cute , isn't she ?	5
If you're going to wonder , let's go and do it over a steak .	2
Who are you and what do you want ?	4
Women just love single male parents .	7
You even die for them .	8
I'll win something .	2
We've got to get the money in circulation before you'll get this country back to prosperity .	4
I'd be so happy if that were really true , [PERSON] .	6
It doesn't have to be like this .	6
Especially when there are no days and nights in it , but just days that turn black when the sun goes down .	6
Now , that doesn't go in there .	1
Hey , did you find him ?	2
Being real is a joke in your world ?	6
You mess with him , we mess with you !	1
It was our last evening together .	6
Shh . Somebody's out there .	4
The natives over there are cannibals .	3
Every spring , the toilets explode .	3
I hope it's gonna be a hit .	2
I can't believe it !	1
It was just so perfect I just had to catch it .	5
This is absurd .	7
Acid ?	7
It's just me .	7
I'm sorry .	1
I know the feeling .	8
That's real fine .	5
That's a nice guitar .	5
And ... and don't forget , you're not just eating for one .	8
The government's got enough on its hands already without ...	3
How ?	7
Make sure she gets to that church this evening .	8
He took her to a restaurant . Maybe some food would make her feel better .	2
Who are vicious killers ?	4
And if I kissed it ... and made a wish ... it'd come true .	2
Holy shit .	7
Give us a statement ! Dozens are dead .	1
You put your head in the sand .	1
Think them folks would spend a penny to send you east ?	3
It's all right .	8
I'm telling you , sir , you've got to put a stop to him now .	4
I know , but we have so much love to give .	8
Mr. [PERSON] , if I can do anything for you ...	8
You really want it that bad ?	7
Then , you have to go .	6
I'll go back to [LOCATION] and be a Fuller Brush girl .	2
You used to think so too .	8
I can't take responsibility for this .	4
He's given us like a second shot , right ?	2
Go on , [PERSON] .	2
We certainly are , senorita , because we understand you got a lot of talent .	2
Why don't we go and celebrate at some nice , quiet little restaurant ?	2
Perfect for a single man living alone .	5
Be happy in your work .	5
Some of the most powerful men in the world are gathered in this clearing .	2
Why you got ta shout ?	1
It's terribly expensive here , [PERSON] .	3
Yeah . Well , [PERSON] is the only name we've got .	1
I concluded that this was not an objective study .	6
I want to see [PERSON] .	2
Are you trying to tell me that you want to be on television ?	7
Look at his crooked smile .	3
Do what ?	3
I hope it doesn't end here .	6
Stay where you are !	1
I got a better idea .	8
Dad , I wan na go swimming .	2
There's a real cab up there .	5
It's a very rich life , And I do have a job ,	5
I haven't done anything morally wrong .	1
It's no bluff .	8
Who are we gonna beat playing like that ?	1
Can't I have everything ?	7
A man was killed in his plane and bled all over him .	4
I'd like to speak to ...	2
His place ? You've walked into his places all unsuspecting many , many times .	2
I'm almost done .	1
We will now take an oath	8
Which way is this train heading ?	4
If you have something to say , shout it !	1
Don't open that door , [PERSON] .	4
My [PERSON] is dead .	6
So I guess growing up in the wetback section of [LOCATION] wasn't that bad .	2
I saw the little girl was hurt .	6
Mainly because I had to wrestle that son of a bitch all the way from [LOCATION] .	1
They got away .	6
Can't he stay ? Tomorrow's not a school day .	6
To infinity and back .	2
I shall prove the contrary by retiring to my customary retreat , unassisted .	1
I love you now .	8
Now I've really lost her .	6
This should impress the bankers .	2
Target visible in seconds .	2
Why , this was given to me by a very dear friend .	5
No ! No ! No !	3
You must be crazy .	3
We're professionals , just like you .	4
Food goes down easier .	5
Oh , God bless you .	8
I was little , slim , but hard as a diamond .	5
If you officers know what's good for you , tell them to stop .	1
I used to be popular , wasn't I , [PERSON] ?	6
Who is this woman ?	7
It's for you .	8
This blood is mine ! Do you understand ? The blood is mine !	1
Better let me do the talking .	2
Oh , [PERSON] , won't you please give me the money ?	4
I knew that there had been a trial out of [LOCATION] , so my first thought was to contact that attorney and see how it was going over there .	2
OK , take me there .	2
There's a lot of things she could ask me but she won't say one darn word .	1
All right , let's go shopping .	2
Gentlemen , the philosophy is pure Zen and the method is pure science .	8
The choice is yours .	8
How fortunate we are to have [PERSON] with us .	5
False alarms were common , And they didn't help our morale .	1
What the fuck are you doing in my office ?	1
I'm sorry to hear about your little loss .	6
My club ? Really ?	5
A fortunate young man .	5
And to my surprise to my deep surprise , it's harder to say goodbye than I thought .	6
Well , it's a nice morning , gentlemen .	5
Now , if you'll pardon me , I'm busy .	1
If it were up to the chief , he'd charge you with Detective [PERSON]'s death and suspend you .	8
We can take blood from anything if it's coming to us .	2
All hands to rescue stations !	1
I regret the things that I done .	3
Hold the fishbowl .	3
We already searched your apartment thoroughly .	1
I gave [PERSON] ... Enough pain .	6
Well , it seems to me that you have some options .	2
I'm not that high .	1
I want to be a good dad .	5
But [PERSON] is a very good chancellor .	8
And you were right there !	7
Please don't spank me , Mr [PERSON] .	4
You want to see a movie or something ?	2
It was fortunate for you that I was here to save you .	8
Here's good news for you bachelors .	5
How did I get mixed up with a bum like him ?	3
Now neither one of you are making sense .	7
You won't stand for it ?	7
Did he in you ?	2
How many bullets does it hold ?	2
They're two nice Jewish boys from [LOCATION] .	2
Are you a human being , inspector ?	3
It must be in your genes .	5
They had ten ... twenty of them in the back of this panel truck .	6
They see violence , they'll become violent .	4
Personally , I think the Kid's chances are better .	2
Especially not to throw away your career with this team .	1
I know I'm being disrespectful to this honourable body ...	6
I'll put an end to it .	1
No , we can't be disturbed .	1
On board the flagship I told him the log didn't justify such action . - - And that we'd be charged with mutiny .	1
I shoulda listened to you .	6
When you're around , Ma , nothing can stop me .	8
I got ta impress the British .	2
What they've done is they formed this alliance among themselves , of the industry that makes money by building war machines .	3
I can't believe this is you , [PERSON] .	7
If we do this , we're in trouble .	4
Be gone , Satan !	1
You like our wide open spaces .	5
This is the largest police car I've ever seen .	7
I'll take care of you .	8
A deal is impossible .	4
It's hard to be strict with a man who loses money so pleasantly .	3
She says it's a sin to kill things .	8
It gives you a good feeling when you can help somebody .	5
This is a wonderful thing .	5
That surprises me even more .	7
That's true .	8
We miss one payment , and you can foreclose ?	7
This horse is a running motherfucker . - No , shit . - Yeah .	7
Hey , wait !	1
I like your tie , too .	5
He begged [PERSON] to let him live and offered him his lance .  	4
Gentlemen ... if there are no objections , I'm the dealer .	8
Having a nice time ?	2
We went back to square one .	3
You bring him !	1
I have no close folks .	6
The job isn't mine yet , [PERSON] .	1
How about that whole fucking city , if you don't do what I say ?	1
I'm so scared my bones are clicking , like dice on a [PERSON] crap table .	4
I once went without food for 147 , days .	6
For our ambassador !	1
Wait a minute .	1
Son of a bitch .	1
Do you remember what sins ?	2
Holy mackerel .	7
I think so . Sure . Um ...	7
Ain't that the girl [PERSON] went lookin' for ?	7
He's told you all he knows .	8
You're forcing us to take action against you .	1
He swallowed his key .	3
Take me home .	2
Shit !	1
He's starting to ... He's starting to ...	4
You know , because you think of generals , and you think of Conservatives and Republicans as being very pro-military and business .	6
Well , Lieutenant , how are you ?	2
Everybody calls you plain [PERSON] , why can't I ?	1
Why not destroy senor [PERSON] ?	2
I want the men to be happy .	8
And she got in a car accident .	6
Nice guy , I hope .	2
You are from the warship that attacked me , are you not ?	1
You're like another person .	6
Intriguing young lady , Miss [PERSON] .	7
Bodies strung out , bodies with the skins ripped off , the hearts torn from the cadavers .	3
It's real nice , you know .	5
If I give them any trouble , they cut me .	4
Now that hurts . Because this was my intention from the very beginning .	6
Looks like I got an abdominal and a thigh . - Dress it . Quickly .	1
It did not come finishing of writing it , mon ami .	5
Good job , good job .	5
We've got six minutes before the brain's useless .	2
Of course I wouldn't .	1
I am what I look like !	1
I haven't been , uh , entirely honest With you , and , uh ...	4
It's good to meet you .	5
Get me out of here !	4
Five Wounds , for short .	6
Say , you lovely ladies wouldn't have seen two little mice running around down there , would you ?	5
On the weekends we go out and have a ball .	5
Peace be upon you .	2
The tree is alive ?	7
You are in charge .	8
It's essential that they take pride in their job .	5
Little punk is lying .	1
This is all I'm capable of right now .	6
Keep your voice down .	1
This is your one chance to get the answers .	1
Why didn't you help me ?	1
I understand how you feel .	8
There is a question as to what kind of society we're going to be , whether we're going to tolerate sexual trafficking in children .	4
Accept one of these cigars , professor .	2
Will you take me away from here ?	2
Professor , professor !	2
The stars are secure in the firmament and the rent's paid , so all's right with the world .	5
His blood ?	4
Let me see the jewel .	2
You hadn't seen him in years , and yet you say he was an old friend .	7
Oh , wait .	2
And we are going to get drunk , Cross .	2
Where's the chief , ? Do not get smart with me !	1
He's such a little man .	1
Your miserable life is not worth a reversal of a Custer decision .	3
Oh , here we are . - Oh .	7
I can't start the car .	6
May I help you ? Miss Vale .	2
Junior , I got some buttons for the kids and some stickers for their bikes .	5
Can you imagine her traveling around the world with a camera bum who never has more than a week's salary in the bank ?	3
Five more minutes . - No !	1
How can such a civilization survive ... which permits their women to put things like that on their heads ?	3
They'll pick you up when you get there .	8
Please make yourselves at home	8
Yes , it'll be a pity if this doesn't come off , too .	6
[PERSON] ! 	7
Dude ... Who's that handsome guy in that mirror , huh ?	8
Then it's all settled .	8
I just said , let's have some lunch .	2
People always do what you tell them to do ?	1
You need some beauty sleep .	8
At 10:00 , tomorrow morning , I want you to bring into my office either a letter denying emphatically that your remarks had any mystic implications or a letter of resignation .	1
Take good care of him .	8
Look , you can't dwell on what you hoped was gonna happen with [PERSON] .	6
Says who ?	1
Don't you ever say that to me again .	1
Come see me in the morning .	2
Isn't that her dancing with that nice - looking young fellow over there ?	5
Playing with amateurs , huh ?	3
Woo ! Hey .	5
Lucito , huh ?	7
You better start reforming , [PERSON] .	1
Mother , you'd love him .	5
You've never known .	6
Goddamn it !	1
Don't you forget that I'm still the headman around here , too .	1
Because it's on his way . Bye girlfriend !	2
I just showed courage . - How many fingers you got left ?	2
I'll not say another word until I do .	8
Why on earth did she come here ?	7
It adds a few miles to our trip , but somehow I've become a little sentimental .	6
Turn left , you son of a bitch !	1
My kids can stay with me for as long as they would like .	5
[PERSON] , you're going too fast .	1
She still eating cereal with her fingers ?	3
But a little more of your stupid behavior and even the respectability of my house won't shield you .	3
I want my million .	2
Let me go with you .	2
We flew from [LOCATION] in your private plane , remember ?	2
That's why I hope I haven't lost my phone .	4
I know a good bar here .	5
Now you're lying .	3
It astonished me .	7
Oh , you're cute .	8
If you don't let go , I'll ...	3
Come on , we got ta warn him .	4
I'm uncomfortable with whatever this is .	3
If he breaks the law and it crosses this desk , he pays for it .	1
I asked you to come here today to discuss the sale of your formula .	8
My bet says no other rider in the race will beat mine .	5
The girl is my concern , not yours .	1
[PERSON] , that's very generous of you .	5
I was as close to him as I am to you .	8
He should , he's got a lot to be thankful for !	1
You're my boss , that's it .	3
I'm gonna see you do the right thing .	8
Sounds awful , doesn't it ?	6
Anyone'd think you didn't want to get better .	7
First , let's find them .	2
Satan !	7
UFOs are as real as the planes flying over your head .	8
The are buried ... alive !	3
You tell us you're a doctor , you rogue ?	3
[PERSON]'s crying ! [PERSON]'s crying !	4
Oh , boundless heaven and earth Help me !	4
I promise .	8
Come on , buddy .	2
We will fire him into the eternal darkness as a testimony to our piety and godliness .	3
Give him a break , would you ?	1
♪ The colors of the rainbow ♪	5
To be enraged with a dumb brute that acted out of blind instinct is blasphemous .	3
RJ and [PERSON] could move there , and he could be the mayor of [LOCATION] . Stop .	1
Daddy , I want Mommy !	6
We're fortunate to have found out these things now .	5
I got that Hawaiian Sea Frontier dispatch decoded .	5
Well , might as well make myself useful .	8
I don't think anything we can do would be of the slightest use .	6
Do you know any Spanish ?	2
Because of this attempted prison break , [PERSON] would have to serve additional time .	3
You're the most beautiful person I ever met .	5
Why did you have to sit there listening to him ?	3
You will live to regret this day .	1
Oh , o dear ...	4
Open the door !	1
Sweetheart , what are you doing home ?	1
It's just fear and priggishness to believe in limits .	8
Let's get down to cases .	2
Walk like a man , for God's sake !	3
That night was the happiest night I ever had .	5
What a creature must sit on the throne ... who lets a man like you deal out his justice .	3
What do you mean , there's no more money ?	7
I can steal it , Mr. [PERSON] ?	3
Swell !	5
I'm not a bimbo you can tie up and do what you want with !	1
It's a CIT ?	7
Ned , don't .	4
Are you trying to get me killed ?	4
We know where you live .	1
He's selling drugs around upstairs , and he's got the rest of them locked up down here without any rights .	1
Father mayii ! Where are you ?	4
My background is legal , not medical . My questions might be elementary .	6
Everybody comes here .	5
I'm not interested in anything you have to say .	1
Are my glasses there ? Eh ... no .	1
I'd like to order something from your late supper menu .	2
In the summertime , at sunset , the whole beach looks incredible .	5
I just kind of like it , that's all .	8
Okay , okay , I think someone had a long day And could use a good night's sleep , right ?	2
There's something very wrong here .	4
We don't commit murder up here .	3
I thought what was lost .	5
No sense taking any chances in this thing .	4
You're not robbing this train .	1
I don't want to talk to him . I'll call him Monday .	1
Now , Kid , what's your game ?	2
Okay ? What ? bucks , that was really good .	5
Wonderful , my dear fellow .	5
[PERSON] didn't even look at me .	7
Why the hell did you think that was an appropriate thing to do ?	1
I've seen men rape an old crippled woman in a wet ditch .	3
But there's tomorrow .	2
Just a little more , a little further ...	2
I know . I don't want to say . I know how upset you'll be . I know how upset I was .	8
Have you no patriotism ?	3
Yes , I'd like to say it 1,000 , times .	2
Fuck ! Fuck !	1
I do hate you !	3
I am warning about you , [PERSON] ,	1
What about the horses and the cattle ?	7
Director of Central Intelligence would give to Carters the president - elect all of the information he had on the potential existence of extraterrestrial life , and the issue of whether or not any of the UFO vehicles might be vehicles from another star system .	8
What are you doing ?	7
No . Not this time .	1
A whale can jump up like an earthquake and come down on you like a mountain that somehow put to sea .	4
What the hell was that ? !	4
Come on ! - [PERSON] !	8
Hey , we got a free movie next door .	5
Go ahead , [GAY SLUR] .	3
You lost your ship ?	7
You don't look as if you had a dime between you .	3
I was lucky I come across her last .	7
Thirty years a Sheriff and all I've had to contend with are vicious animals .	1
[PERSON] . [PERSON] , are you all right ?	4
I could not get it off , [PERSON] .	4
How the fuck did you let it get that far ?	1
If this guy has any information , why hasn't he contacted you already ?	3
I have heard that is a great swordsman .	2
You're saying she's not from the island ?	7
I just got out of a drug clinic and you manipulate me ?	1
Um , uh , push three ?	4
Now , look , I'm an American film director , and I was talking to your sister tonight about going to [LOCATION] to play in the movies .	2
Which I wonder if I'm in his present company .	7
It's pretty rough .	6
Fuck off , [PERSON] .	1
Do you remember the night you proposed ?	8
Call me , okay ?	4
Where the hell do you think you're going ?	1
You're making no sense here .	1
There's a time for everything .	8
That soda shop was something .	5
Are you sure you really love me ?	4
That was my girl . Wait .	7
Be warned . she usually means exactly what she says .	4
Watch out , you idiot !	1
I can't wait . Heh heh .	2
What a character .	5
A performance that exceeded the most optimistic predictions .	5
Saving his life was the final insult .	3
There's nothing more commercial than a long - shot comeback of a down - on - his - luck underdog .	1
There is a pilot on the radio telling her what to do , telling her exactly how to do it .	8
Oh , you have tobacco !	7
I'm going to answer whatever questions the inspector wishes to ask me .	8
that we were never to be apart again .	8
I'll show you a lot of things .	2
Why is he leaving that position ?	7
Come on , let's move .	2
So , don't try to impress me with numbers .	1
So warm , so smooth .	5
Escort him out of the building .	3
Nurse !	4
But we like to be on a first - name basis with potential candidates .	8
It's fine , we're leaving ,	1
What if we had dinner ?	5
Must have been watching out that window for hours .	7
No diapers ?	7
It is so nice to be here .	5
If that's true , we were guilty .	2
The Senator'll make a good orator when his voice stops changing .	3
I just did that to torment you .	1
How come I never see you eating ?	7
It's horrible .	4
I'm gonna enjoy this .	8
Perhaps he killed [PERSON] , too .	4
You heard what I said .	1
What kind ? The ones in bottles .	2
Rocky's hurt .	6
[PERSON] , there's no point in going on .	6
Come on ! Come on !	2
Has been infected with a new strain typhoid ?	3
This is for life .	8
He wants to get you and me in the ring .	8
I'm so pissed at you ! I'm really pissed , OK ?	1
Is this some sort of a gag ?	7
Their style , but where the hell did they go ?	1
That's the way this business is run .	8
Maybe , but [PERSON] wasn't hunting medals .	6
I was brought up with beautiful words .	5
How about the movies ?	2
Well , I'm going to trust you .	8
They get their wings torn out and they're thrown back to [LOCATION] again .	3
You know , now that we're alone , there's ... There's something that I've been wanting to ask you .	4
Rocky's been hit with bombs .	4
You're hanging your ass out a good long way on this one .	1
You're a killer .	3
That dumb old college would be lucky to have you teaching there . You tell her , kid .	8
The sea shall have you back .	8
Except you honked the fucking horn .	1
No , I told you I don't wan na do that anymore .	1
This is just horrible .	4
Thank you , baby .	8
We'll go together .	2
I can't believe I threw up in front of [PERSON] .	6
I will pray for you .	8
We , uh , have several people in mind .	4
I told you to keep away from that radio .	1
You need a Puerto Rican skag peddler ?	2
I wasn't really sure that Judge [PERSON] had a firm grip	4
Leon , why are you so good to us ?	7
Especially with a fortune in our falsies .	5
He seems to know everything else .	7
Murdered angels don't go to Heaven .	6
( laughter ) Gurning .	2
You've seen it and read it a thousand times .	3
There's a good chance that she'll respond .	2
This has been a mess since it began ...  	4
The coward's code !	3
This is paradise .	5
Heh . Heh .	5
I did not escape from there alone .	2
I'm getting adopted .	8
You won't have any money after the rangers get through with you .	1
for the next war will be an interplanetary war . 	4
Help me with these eggs , will you ? - Sure .	8
And where I come from , you cut a deal with me to make sure I stop looking .	1
Probably turned into some potluck , poster - making , sing - along .	3
I'll kill you bitches !	1
I've saved you guys from big junk collars , traced lost stuff , fingered stools .	1
No need to mock the grave .	3
I'm not going to make fun of you .	8
If we act together , we will survive together .	8
Light has conquered darkness .	5
The blood's rushing to my head .	1
Col. [PERSON] has reported the theft of a gold ring . A gold ring .	1
You hear about it on the news .	2
I've got tons of exotic destinations , faraway places , custom designed for a romantic weekend getaway .	2
That we can agree on . I look forward to hearing about your platform .	2
What is this guy , nice or something ?	3
I know . Ring the alarm ?	4
Get ready to grab the son of a gun .	2
You're blacking out , waking up in places you don't remember , bleeding from where you were shot .	6
That old bastard's killed more guys than the electric chair .	3
I'm behaving like years old .	3
I'm gonna save your ass .	1
Of course it's been a great trial to your patience , Father ... but think of the burden that it's been to me .	6
They ain't bad for waffles .	5
Uh - ohl He's lost it nowl	4
Is that what this is ?	7
But I don't care about any of that now .	6
How about this , [PERSON] ?	2
You did not bore me .	7
You get a line , I'll get a pole We'll go fishing in the crocodile hole	8
But if you're in love with him , why are you skipping out ?	7
This studying on revenge is turning your back on the future ... and letting the past eat at your heart .	3
I didn't like him anyway .	1
[PERSON] was a good man . Tough break .	6
The dopes are going to inherit the earth anyway .	3
Hail , brothers ! Many brothers !	5
You're too little and weak , like a girl .	3
Why aren't you working ?	1
True , but the soldiers would kill us before we got to the river .	4
I felt all warmed and funny inside . I can't describe it .	5
We got a big problem .	4
Therefore , I'll always get laid more than you , which is fundamentally unjust , am I right ?	8
And you have my coat ready for me when I'm ready to leave !	8
[PERSON] . - It's [PERSON] .	1
And who's the happy father ?	5
You're going to set this whole place on fire .	4
You see what I see .	8
All right , I'll see him right away .	2
I just can't keep doing this .	3
You wish you were foolish . Foolish should be a goal of yours .	3
Where'd you get this , exactly ?	7
But that's another story , and a very unpleasant one , too .	6
We won .	5
I'm sorry , are we here to have a sarcastic back and forth , or would you like to exchange useful information ?	1
That's dangerous .	4
Father , I'm at the end of my rope .	6
How are you feeling ?	8
Remember my th birthday party when you lifted your skirt up ...	5
Would you like to meet her ?	2
Junior's gonna be a convict before he's in third grade !	3
This bloody sod accused me of stealing me mate's grub .	1
Stop calling me , please .	1
We're rich !	5
Come on , [PERSON] . You can't have them .	3
We won three games in a row , [PERSON] .	5
You little piece of shit .	3
By what right do you question me ?	1
As often as I could , I went to see him at his villa near [LOCATION] .	8
Here's to us , top of the world .	5
The court can't hear you .	4
Enough !	1
Please love and care for this orphan child .	8
I could burn in hell for the lies I told about you .	6
That charlatan ! That hypocrite !	1
How do you mean that ? And now you will laugh .	6
I'll always regret that I didn't .	6
No more tears .	8
What am I gonna do ?	4
Thank you . Good - bye .	5
We'll have Tobruk in a few days .	2
She's a beautiful tough cookie .	5
Hope you know how to take care of yourself .	8
It made me Mink about all of us being together again and how we used to be .	6
Perfect camouflage .	5
That's the man that eats people	3
I don't want you to forget what you've seen here today .	8
And I was thinking more of sushi ?	7
You haven't got a little nip of something , have you ?	8
No one asked her to worry about me ...	6
Hey , look ! [PERSON] , [PERSON]'s out !	5
I really missed you .	6
[PERSON] , I know that you're into a lot of crooked shit .	3
You know , I'm not responsible for the complications of international law .	1
To the squad . Are they detaining it , it is ?	6
My back's aching .	6
We talked and joked and played chamber music .	5
I'm pregnant , you know .	7
People , this'll be picture !	2
My wife does not exaggerate .	8
Can we have coffee ?	2
Well , anyways , onward and upward .	8
So you're going to report sister [PERSON] to the police ?	4
I'm really gonna enjoy this . - Give it a rest , will you ?	8
So we'll go to the [LOCATION] .	2
We've run into a fog system not previously reported .	4
You think I was born yesterday ?	1
Well , well ! If it isn't our model prisoner , looking so pretty today in his little bow tie !	1
I didn't mean it that way .	6
Oh , we can do lots of things by then .	2
Speaking of which , what can I get you ?	2
He brought in his own detective to replace [PERSON] .	1
You get around on those wheels pretty good .	8
I think we can finally nail [PERSON] .	2
What were you doing there ?	8
You know too much .	6
Mr. [PERSON] knows perfectly well the witness is unable to answer that question .	6
Where'd you get that ?	2
Well , Dad , here's a hint .	1
You see , my new , beautiful wife is violently jealous .	5
You really are afraid of this place .	8
Imagine being forced to build that in the condition they must be in .	4
Would we have approved killing him in babyhood when he was innocent , or killing his mother , or slaughtering his remote ancestors ?	3
What an extraordinary mother .	7
We'll make an honest buck together .	8
I was so alone , and suddenly you were there .	6
To kill the brutals who multiply and are legion .	3
Accepted him lord ... Lick me !	2
There were four , uh , aliens aboard I think .	4
No ?	1
Give me your blessing for a happy voyage .	8
What can we eat ?	2
How can you say such a thing ?	1
Sorry , I hit him .	3
The worst thing that could happen is I'd have a nice meal in a good restaurant .	2
Can he present to proof D  ? 	2
Why , I -- I told you I was getting everything sort a bit .	8
Take my head and collect your reward	3
Fantasia will be forgotten .	6
You gonna call me a frequent flier , too ? Who called you a frequent flier ? I heard one of the nurses say that about me outside .	1
I felt guilty about always being away from you and Papa .	6
For the safety of the ship I obeyed Mr [PERSON]'s order . -	8
Wait till you see this .	2
You wan na say some more , you ugly bastard ?	3
Hey , if you think I look bad , you oughta see the other guy's knuckles .	7
Here's a great one .	5
Mother , I'll have to skip your party tonight .	3
Just like before !	2
I don't aim to have that threesome prowling ' my property no longer .	1
I thought you'd be happy .	7
And he fought for them for the only reason any man ever fights for them .	8
We are looters , we are not murderers .	1
There may be subs out there , maybe not .	1
Everyone else , rock 'n' roll .	5
Looks a lot like your house , doesn't it ?	7
You're a bandit who eats children and old people .	3
If they don't they may learn to appreciate it , but it will never become part of their soul .	3
Don't want that , now , do we ?	2
We have to look beyond normal .	7
I need you .	8
It's all right , Colonel [PERSON] , they're friends .	8
And then they'll kill us !	4
Maybe you'll even put in a good word for me ?	8
I'd never fuck with you , because I really love you guys .	8
Only if I deserve to be .	2
He kisses my hand .	5
Anyway , when do you special intelligence officers do what you're supposed to do ?	1
The Miss [PERSON] ? I don't believe it . My brother , [PERSON] , told me all about you .	7
This fucking guy's scaring me .	4
[PERSON] , look at me !	1
We'll give him the biggest gunfight ever .	1
You look good !	5
I've ached for this moment .	2
It's fine .	8
I know you ... you murdering son of a bitch .	1
Behave yourself .	1
I've never seen such activity .	7
You are the fool , Mr [PERSON] .	3
I like it .	5
Oh God , what a mess .	1
Excuse me . I know this is bad timing .	8
I didn't mean to hurt you .	6
I'll get [PERSON] back .	2
Yes , but he went off without me , didn't he ?	1
Where in the hell is justice ?	1
She's a mighty cold woman ... prancing about [LOCATION] by herself .	3
When do we start , mate ...	2
I'm not fit to be a senator !	4
Is that all ?	2
I was wondering what we might expect , in terms of your testimony .	2
Don't you dare .	1
[PERSON] would not like it .	4
Since then I accuse myself of impure actions .	3
First , I want a big smile .	5
But he's not alone anymore .	8
You ain't nothin' but a [N-WORD] with straight hair .	3
Thank God you're all right .	2
Two years an apprentice , and still the nails go in crooked .	1
Oh , [PERSON] , [PERSON] , it's happening .	4
My nightmares is more like it .	1
I'm getting leery of this guy .	3
How wonderful !	5
You're a handsome and powerful man .	8
Let's see what we have here for our guests .	2
Well , what's there to talk about ?	1
That's horrible .	6
Tell me what [PERSON] was doing with a bribery file .	7
With your help .	8
Hey . I can't believe you got here .	5
Hey , wait your turn .	1
But [PERSON] is gone .	6
Why waste it on these stupid pets ?	1
What you think ?	2
I'm going !	5
I was so miserable at the thought of you in trouble .	6
Whenever you want to visit their plants , they are open to you .	8
Boy , did we have a great camping trip !	8
You just don't bury a famous movie star like she was an unidentified body .	3
Come on , come on , where's the tape ?	2
Thank you very much for your attention and your interest	8
Try me .	8
If I see you in the stands , it make me feel better .	5
No way .	8
Hey , hey , I'm off duty . Grand central station , please .	7
Next thing you know , boom .	7
You were too rough the last time !	1
Why does a solid businessman like you want to get into pornography ?	3
You're just saying that .	6
What's the matter with you , [PERSON] ?	1
I know . I miss him too .	6
Do not worry , he does not know anything .	8
NOW !	1
Turk , don't make fun of me .	1
They're them , I'm still me .	8
I can't have children , [PERSON] !	1
No .	1
We are not so vulnerable .	8
You make me feel uncomfortable .	4
A good thing you have a waistband	8
Alright , have it any way you want !	1
That's pretty flip .	5
Is it ... and look who's there !	5
Get back in ranks !	1
Meanwhile , you're jeopardizing the safety of the bank .	4
You got on rather well with him , didn't you ?	5
The clerk said she left with one of those two Cuban Hebes .	4
After them ! After them !	1
I was a child .	6
I know .	8
It is nothing like we figured out .	7
Go with it , quick ! Do not stop .	1
Oh !	7
It must be smooth like velvet .	5
Don't shoot !	4
For the first time in my life , I'm happy .	5
You worked with [PERSON] , [PERSON] and them guys ?	2
Cut it out .	1
It's been ... a rewarding experience to watch a great artist at work .	8
Now , if you don't , then I will suspend you .	1
It's worse than that .	6
We were just talking .	6
Why do you writers take such chances ?	7
You and that damn book .	1
Move it , boy !	1
Yes , I do .	8
He said : Just leave the money in the top drawer .  	6
We can't run , so we need to find a way to tell my team where we are .	2
They always have that same look on their face ...	6
It's because you're so very grateful and always thank me so prettily .	8
You can't go !	1
He wouldn't tell us a goddamn thing .	1
Do you think we'd better let it go at that ?	3
[PERSON] , you of all people should understand by now that to me , they're the same thing .	3
I believe that is unconstitutional for them to refuse to give the information to the President of the [LOCATION] .	1
Is this stupid thing What you're most concerned about this morning ?	1
We'd like to see Country Baby on every supermarket shelf in [LOCATION] .	2
I am through being a go - between for you and your dream girl .	1
Only to be met by this fresh and superior attitude of yours .	1
Back down ! - All right , all right , all right .	1
What they do with the tapes is their own business .	1
You're gonna be a father .	2
He shot himself .	3
Splendid , thank you , sir .	5
That's cool !	5
I'm not certain there's a limit to what she'll do .	4
What ? I think we've found ourselves an angel .	7
I have a lot to tell you tomorrow .	2
I don't care .	3
You see what a good wife she is ?	5
I got my shotgun full of 16 , thin dimes .	1
They're just animals , I guess .	3
The general talked about killing the president .	3
I'll save you !	2
Isn't that the truth ?	7
I told you . I never met the hag .	1
This hurts me in my heart .	6
I do just tell in my mind .	1
I swear to God , if I have to cut up another body for a potion .	1
See , back then , a man's name was the same as his occupation .	6
See , she didn't even have probable cause .	1
They're gonna be tough to run out .	4
Aarfy , if anything happens to me , will you take care of my girl ?	4
Now ! Natural , huh ? You on your back , huh ?	1
I miss the time when I had you to myself every day .	6
... And I don't think we need to discuss the Trinity any more .	8
Cos I knew that if anybody could make me a winner , it was you .	8
That's it , [PERSON] .	8
How do I undo the spell ?	4
It's all I've got left .	6
It wasn't worth it .	1
Don't be a fool , woman .	3
I've put the gun down .	4
Woman's work is never done .	6
Jesus christ , man .	3
No pain .	5
Let's keep this a perfect memory ... and someday this bitter ache shall pass , my sweet .	6
That's a twist . - Oh , a fruit twist ?	7
But he was not here yesterday .	5
Sir , you have beaten my wife , and she has gone off with another man .	1
You have a very nice little boy , madame .	5
And you were going to hate him for the rest of your life .	1
You're out of your minds !	3
The first little league in [LOCATION] with a dome .	5
We weren't expecting you for a while yet .	7
You wicked boy .	1
She's using what she read in the paper to get attention or a little cash .	2
She's pregnant ?	7
When [PERSON] got seriously ill , you sent her to a home .	6
I just love it when it's so nice and warm .	5
Get between the treads !	1
Go call your pimp to look after you !	3
These notes led you to tell Detective Lipranzer ... That the murderer was sterile ?	3
Incredible !	7
Fuck the office !	1
I had it great .	5
He seemed nice enough to me .	8
I was taking out on her what I should have been giving you !	3
But it did leave them to be BFFs .	5
What's your school counsellor wan na see me for ?	7
But they began spreading wild rumours about steaming in circles . -	1
Why do you want to make yourself a slave to this dull business , when you could be on a lovely yacht , with a lovely man , visiting the Greek islands , seeing all the world ?	7
There are definitely people who feel like it's your fault .	1
Isn't that wonderful ?	5
We'll get it together in a while , you know ?	2
Turn the fucking water off !	1
Uh ... anything for you , you sweet little muffin .	8
How about the gardener ? This evidence might convict me in court .	4
I roll with him all the time , and he rolled with us on that move .	8
People can be goddamn cruel .	3
But , I , after spending years I found not a shred of evidence that we have alien visitors in our skies .	3
Don't worry about me .	5
Or it might've just fallen overboard dropped there by some drunken old rummy .	3
Yeah , that's it .	5
Room service , good morning .	5
My dear child , there are many good books in this world without pictures .	5
Good crowd .	5
You can talk all you want to now .	2
I got something here that belongs to you .	8
During the night , I was woken by [PERSON] crying .	6
I just saved your life , and you still don't trust me ?	7
He is inspired by the new openness here .	5
If that's all what we all thinking , why isn't someone just come right out and say it ?	7
Act your age !	3
We've lost the baby's heartbeat .	6
What are you ?	2
We went to the very heart of the vessel ... The propulsion unit .	4
Oh , no ! - Oh , yes !	7
I had got addicted to watching porn .	3
Argh ! Kaili !	1
Because I do not like you , Mom .	1
I can't go through it ... You hear me ?	4
To read something like that was , frankly , it was alarming to me .	4
All , applauding : Good answer ! Good answer !	5
You're my hero .	8
I'll give you one more chance .	8
No you can bring that back .	1
Please be more careful in the future , Captain .	4
I'm gonna take you to all the capitals of all the countries in the world .	2
A captain's job is a lonely one .	6
These are the ministers and advisers where you can trust .	8
I don't want to argue .	6
Maybe I'll run into you .	2
Oh , [PERSON] , no .	6
This kid's taking this too good .	7
But my problem is , there's a terrible crime committed today and I haven't told the police .	2
I'm fucking great .	8
I was brilliant .	5
I want you fellows to meet my noble steed [PERSON] .	8
Let the party begin .	2
This is idiotic , [PERSON] .	1
Please , you have to let me go .	4
Ostentatious , that is !	2
Oh , shut up !	1
It makes it increasingly less likely that we're alone .	4
[PERSON] , are you OK ?	8
The damn insurance company won't cover you without a screen . I see .	1
How do you know ?	4
He's put his neck on the chopping block .	1
Father , I've led such a sinful life .	4
How's school ?	2
Ask him what money , asshole .	1
It could give us time to bring our carriers within range .	2
Let me do that .	2
Ten years of tap dancing lessons and this is how you repay me ?	3
Well , I think it would be a crime if you didn't participate .	3
I love him that way .	5
It's too bad .	3
I've only got hours .	4
I like the feel of it , [PERSON] .	5
And the answer is , he's better .	8
We have no choice .	3
I'll do that . Uh ... I'll go find him and I'll just ask him where car really is .	2
What do you mean by that ?	7
Every sucker for himself , I guess .	3
I'm obliged for your hospitality .	8
We're gonna be rich !	2
You are in love with her .	8
If you're saying what I'm thinking you're saying , you better not say it because I don't wan na hear it .	1
Hi , sister . - How are you , my child ?	8
We care about you .	8
Uh , here's , uh , here's this .	6
I think it'll support us .	8
Bit dicey .	1
Nothing more .	6
Turn that trash off !	1
He's about to be boiled in oil .	1
He's trying to help .	8
The penis is evil .	3
Sorry , I'm just trying to make polite conversation .	1
This licence has expired .	6
Trubel killed [PERSON] ?	7
Shoot and you'll hang for murder .	1
Let's keep it daddy , okay ? What ?	2
I will start with you .	2
As am I . The black community deserves so much better than [PERSON]'s failed policies .	8
That's right , boy .	8
Well ... I guess that means that you and I have gone From being friends to being enemies .	3
Look at those darling dogs .	5
Hang on . Here we go .	2
Then why do you show me no respect ?	1
The fun is over .	6
He's an asshole , but you'll get used to him after a while .	8
We've been very happy here .	5
Please , I beg you .	8
Mr. [PERSON] , could I keep the book till you come out ?	8
I shall dance , and you'll be with me .	5
Marry a girl your own age .	3
Now [PERSON] and that dear little bride of his will be able to stay on at [LOCATION] and live happily ever after .	5
He'll never leave [LOCATION] . Then let him stay .	1
In the last century , the islanders were starving .	6
She had long , beautiful brown hair and now she had very short , choppy red hair .	6
You sure this is the right address ?	7
That's no good .	3
Don't you live at home ?	7
You hiding him , boy ?	7
Come on , make a wish .	2
Lousy bitch .	1
Steady .	4
I guess she's gone for good .	6
That's a nice souvenir to have .	5
I just said , I love you .  	1
Understand ? What ?	1
And actresses are treated like I hate to use the word , but , shit .	1
Yeah , this building literally changed because of his disability .	3
Make it a single , [PERSON] .	8
You clean up real nice .	7
I love [LOCATION] on summer afternoons when everyone's away .	5
Say it , then , and get out !	1
And , uh , I love to experience pleasure .	2
He don't even work .	3
You're out !	8
I can't do any more after that .	6
We've escaped !	2
Tell Clyde I'll see him tomorrow .	2
I'll miss you .	6
You're staying here till the real law comes .	1
I suggest that we do .	2
And how is that different than all the times you risked me ?	1
Another funeral for the pilot , not as spiffy as [PERSON]'s .	6
Manchester has a good drummer .	8
[PERSON] , it's just a disease .	6
I didn't mean to oversell .	4
She's fantastic .	5
Pretty fresh .	5
You aren't even allowed to look at her with her clothes on .	3
I can not believe it .	4
My pleasure , sisters .	5
OK , thank you , everyone . That's all .	2
[PERSON] ! Welcome back .	5
I'm not opening that door and neither are you , and if you try ...	4
No , listen .	1
Look , I'm accused of doing something I didn't do .	1
I get a kick out of being on the winning side for a change .	2
What if [PERSON]'s not gone ?	2
There's your answer , professor .	1
You must go now .	2
This nice man's taking you to your aunt .	8
Come on up for just a few minutes .	2
She also has a drinking problem , and I have no idea where she is .	3
Something's happened to the dog .	7
When will you start paying the cops so they'll go back to work ?	2
There's nothing we can do .	6
You can't take the life of another human being and get away with it !	3
The [PERSON] woman died today .	6
Poor darling .	6
It would have been deliciously wicked .	5
You haven't touched a thing .	1
I'll let you know when I get it straightened out .	8
Great pair of togas .	5
I didn't believe in the prophecies .	3
But you're going to be all right .	8
I really can't believe it .	4
These videos were posted together with instructions from the kidnappers .	3
What'll they say ?	2
She's turning into a corpse monster !	4
I can't take any more of this .	3
We are delayed . Your mother hates that we are late for the tea .	3
If there's any decency in you ...	3
You're gonna be alright .	8
It's time for us all to stand up and be strong .	2
Rocky , mind if I talk to you outside about a few things ?	4
What about if they engage us ?	4
They want to fight and die as martyrs .	3
If this baby comes your way , look out !	1
Mr. [PERSON] , you're playing with fire .	4
Not the way I'd choose for suicide .	6
Are you all right ?	8
Your sins are forgiven , my child .	8
First they denied , and then they equivocated ...	3
You came to tell me you refuse to publish me ?	1
I'm not concerned to hear your reasons , man .	1
Thank you for telling me the truth .	8
Yeah , she's a nice girl , [PERSON] .	8
Why can't they jam that ?	2
Are you crazy ?	1
It's beautiful .	5
Mom , [PERSON] died .	6
Perhaps you will have words for me by tomorrow night ?	8
This is awful .	6
What a shithole .	3
I'm going for wine .	2
What if I could get you the money you're waiting for before midnight ?	8
But , you see , it's really his wife that's keeping them apart .	6
Girl of quality and taste .	5
And you also have to cross-modify your judgment that the entire universe was created just as the stage upon which the drama of the human development is unfolding .	1
About time !	1
Daddy ?	2
I swear that man moves like dead lice were falling off him .	3
We can still make it .	8
You'll be able to buy ten of these .	8
Yes , I'm talking about honour , not ideology .	1
I believe in your sweat .	8
You seem to me to be what my mother warned me about :	4
Time's getting short .	2
He was my first lover .	8
Flo , if I wanted anything else , I'd call [PERSON] here .	1
Can't you go in there and say something ?	1
I shall always think about it .	6
It's an incredibly profitable , as horrifying as it is to say , business .	3
Well , I'm happy , anyway .	5
A little expensive , but lots of fun !	5
Might take a few days to finalize , but yeah . It's happening .	2
They'd give me ten to twenty years !	4
I mean , isn't that enough ?	1
A boy that I watched grow up was in that car that you threw the hornets into .	3
[PERSON] , give me a hand .	8
Did you hear me ?	1
You're lyin' !	3
You're right . He has turned against me .	6
If he pulls a gag about the run , we'll murder the guy .	1
Ace , king , .	5
I'm happy !	5
I got my eye on you .	1
This is your idea ?	7
What beast are you talking about ?	2
You'll kill him , stop !	4
Did you follow through of what we discussed ?	8
This is no time for foolish tricks !	1
That may be , but my wife , she's a very good one .	5
You really like her , [PERSON] ?	7
You see yourself doing right , and you do right .	8
A cop having a nervous breakdown might have shot two drug dealers . They might have .	4
You're funny .	5
We're not winning this war .	4
How did you get to be a captain ?	3
Are they all shark victims ?	4
Do you feel the ecstasy , [LOCATION] ?	5
He's right .	8
Nice doing business with you .	8
For the tenth time then , will you stay out of this [PERSON] thing ?	1
She said that I put on airs . That I use big words like gesture  and  devastate .  	1
Don't leave me .	4
I'm gonna get her .	2
Big house , three cars , beautiful wife .	8
I parked it in ... in a parking lot and I just ... I forgot where I parked it .	4
By making a lot of idiotic loans ?	3
He thinks I may be arrested any minute .	4
You fear you'll not always love me ?	4
The director is not the problem . It's the insurance company . They won't cover you if you do drugs .	4
Don't I remember you from somewhere ?	7
You have absolutely no reason to be afraid of the King .	8
He's so brave .	8
You're still dressed ?	7
He's such a nut about that car and driving fast ...	4
Father [PERSON] can't keep his hands to himself .	1
Cause I said so .	1
They'll be here tomorrow , honey .	2
I bet she's nice .	5
Kill him !	1
Unfortunately for you and everybody in this room , his deals fell through because the market dried up .	6
There's something wrong with us , something very , very wrong with us .	4
You gave $ 50 , for this horse ?	7
I knew I couldn't trust you .	3
I just got wised up to something funny the last few days .	7
Thought I saw some resemblance .	7
Asses burnt to a cinder .	4
Made friends ?	5
It don't do nothing for me .	1
I'd never leave you , Daddy .	8
You don't remember , do you ?	6
It's nice and clean in here .	8
The press briefing room , [PERSON] , really ?	1
They think you can do it .	8
I'm used to making my deals on a solid basis .	8
We've solved problems before .	8
Guns for them ?	4
What have I done now ?	4
I ain't giving you shit . I said I'd play you even , I play you even .	1
Negative , you'll have to turn back .	1
Hadn't you better go now ?	2
I'd have a ship of me own , And you wouldn't have to be starving ' along On a professor's pay .	1
, ...	1
You've fallen in love with him ? Did you kiss him ? On the mouth ?	5
I learned it from you , [PERSON] .	8
If she was young and beautiful , I forgive you .	8
I'm a judge of human behaviour .	1
A battleship might be more comforting .	8
How about that ? Not bad .	7
He's got a shotgun on you , [PERSON] .	4
I got stupid .	3
I get pissed off , my wife gets embarrassed , the kids are confused .	6
That's a fine idea , Mr. [PERSON] .	8
You look like someone who could use a couple of hours ' sleep .	1
Well , if there's one thing I know , it's how to wear the proper clothes .	5
Go away ! I won't let it happen .	3
It's not too late .	8
No she didn't . - Did you kill her ?	1
There are no more stops between here and [LOCATION] .	1
Kirk , [PERSON] has made a chump out of you .	1
You're not gonna have a country that can make these kinds of rules work , if you haven't got men who can tell human rights from a punch in the nose .	3
Undoubtedly we can expect something soon .	2
I'll be right outside . Good .	8
It's about time they brought them from the force into here , right ?	8
I don't know what the hell to do .	4
I heard you got married .	5
[PERSON]'d be so disappointed if you weren't surprised .	6
Yo , [PERSON] !	2
The idiot had his TV turned up , and I didn't --	1
Haven't seen you for a while .	7
Do you know what they say about girls who play ?	3
I hope so , sir .	2
Your Majesty , being inside of your confidence ... is the greatest joy I've ever known .	5
You have no way of knowing the way that I think .	1
When I left her she was alive !	4
This is gonna give you a good opportunity to learn to manage money .	2
I deeded him the land and he guaranteed me half of what he got if he made the sale .	8
[PERSON] , if you knew what I've gone through !	6
Think he'll give me a raise ?	2
Satan , stop !	1
I don't wan na stay here without you .	6
Speak up or I'll shoot .	1
What did you do ?	2
This is called inbreeding from which comes idiot children ... and more lawyers .	3
Might hit him on the head with one .	1
I'm a little low on maple syrup , but I got plenty of raspberry jam , which , you know , a lot of people prefer .	2
Pull yourself up .	1
How's is that , folks ?	8
Hey , what the fuck ?	1
What are we gonna do ?	4
And I said ...	2
You look very beautiful .	5
It's good coffee .	5
I said I was sorry . That's the end of it .	8
Who - Who ? Who's sick ?	6
Any chance you could tidy up my trailer while I'm gone ?	2
A pleasure .	5
You should !	2
So , I'm guessing you didn't find my dad .	6
And you're it .	7
You'd hate it .	6
My heart behaved like a fool .	6
What time is the next news ?	2
Well , we're there for the oil . Let's not pretend .	1
You should just get over what happened to you in your adolescence . It is time to move on .	8
I'll put in for a transfer .	2
[PERSON] .	8
So maybe death isn't the end , [PERSON] .	2
I just want to get it done .	1
Her medicine !	7
Run !	4
Sure . For five bucks .	2
Set compressors and prime !	2
Oh Sugar ! That sounds like so much fun but Guess who's back together with your dad .	5
Hello , darling ! Hello , dear .	8
But then , uh ... . You look to me like a gal with a big appetite for everything .	4
Can we have [PERSON] ?	2
Thank you for protection .	8
All right !	1
What's got into you ?	1
Please ...	4
I was in that room !	1
Come on , the tougher the competition , the better you used to like it .	2
I'd rather take a whipping than mend fences .	6
I'll go to her next Quick , give me your hand	8
Let's go see the bearded lady .	5
A depressing characteristic .	6
Now you listen very carefully .	1
I will drink to that !	5
What is that , a threat ?	7
There she sat , gazing at me with her big eyes .	7
[PERSON] is , in fact , mon ami !	1
There's a shitload of that .	7
Tell me , what keeps you from burning out ?	7
I must have this ring .	1
[PERSON] , you're making me very nervous .	4
Guy ought to have his ass removed .	1
Never saw a man yet could hold his liquor like a bottle .	7
You return to the front of your army .	1
Okay . You're kidding , right ?	7
[PERSON] , you had no right to do something like that .	1
You and [PERSON] just weren't right for each other .	6
Ah , was from there .	7
But have you a safe big enough to hold this ?	8
Could I get a level from you , please ?	8
It's dangerous .	4
Something about a place called [PERSON] .  He's dying . 	6
Don't a man have a right to know what he's signing on for ?	1
He thinks he knows me .	1
Qualified ?	7
Thank [PERSON] for the nice dinner .	5
You won't believe this .	7
Peoples , my stomach's been grumbling , but help has arrived .	2
Only those I trust know that .	8
But these are criminals .	7
Thanks again for the job for [PERSON] . She'll make a great receptionist . She's got an outgoing personality .	8
Your job is to talk first .	2
I want to go .	4
They know everything now . I've explained everything to them .	5
In fact , we have so much evidence that Dr. J.[PERSON] [PERSON] , who was in charge of project Blue Book for the Air Force , stated that it's an embarrassment of riches .	1
What's this big surprise you dragged me over here for ?	1
I have something for you .	8
Well , when all this started , I don't think I imagined myself standing here with you tonight .	5
I've been called a lot of things , but  comfortable  !	7
Who's there ?	2
As our tools for exploring this vast expanse continue to improve , the answer to our question comes more clearly into focus .	2
She'll look like a million .	2
And we're trapped .	1
That huge place over there ?	7
Now , these legs are very nice .	5
Well done .	5
Why don't you get a fucking job , man ?	3
Considering the candidates who answer to the high qualifications of senators , one name shone out like a beacon .	8
You're gonna regret this !	1
A boy is dead and my son and husband are still out there .	4
She's wrapped all her adolescent dreams up in one dream prince , and you're it .	2
Follow me .	8
Now , listen , don't you go around being attractive to anybody but me .	1
[PERSON] really digs you .	7
First , I would like to take off my hat .	2
I'll stop the car and push you out , and you'll walk the last mile home .	1
No , you have never loved me .	6
You're really wasteful !	1
OK , buddy , this is your big moment .	2
Nobody leaves unless I say so .	1
Is it possible to bring you back to reality for one moment ?	1
If we didn't have a price on our heads , we'd get out of this hole .	4
Hey , [PERSON] . - What ? - You see the stars on the sidewalk ?	2
Anything interesting ?	2
They're gonna keep him in that foster home !	6
This is where the fun starts .	8
Looks like a nice day , huh ?	5
I'm old enough to be your mother , almost .	3
How much further into the rectory are you going to push it ?	1
I'm flying to [LOCATION] tonight , [PERSON] .	2
I just spoke to [PERSON] .	5
When an hour alone with you was an impossibility .	6
I want Dad's yacht fueled and ready for two weeks at [LOCATION] by the time I get there .	2
Maybe I do , maybe I don't , but you might get yourself arrested on federal charges if you don't stop what you're doing .	1
Are you okay ? - I. . .	2
Could you have one more try ? Please ! See what you can do .	2
And see that you get out of town .	1
Here , you take one too .	5
We've still got her , don't we , [PERSON] ? Oh , yeah .	2
This is no time for jokes .	1
I mean , I want to be something besides just a plain fighter ... even though [PERSON] is a champ and a swell guy .	2
The hospital in [LOCATION] confirmed [PERSON]'s story .	8
Figure out which one you are and call back .	1
Let's get started .	2
Who took the Scotch from my closet ?	1
But I didn't sleep yet .	7
Don't fuck with me on this one , [PERSON] .	1
Here are the keys !	7
So when I see you having all these things that I didn't have , I , like , live through your eyes .	6
No , this is my daughter's night . Really . Come on .	1
And we know how to do that , don't we boy ?	8
I should be back in [LOCATION] , sitting in front of a typewriter , making all this up for a movie .	7
Tears ain't gonna help you now !	4
What's this with the orange bow on here ?	7
Young man , your self - righteous piety is commencing to annoy me .	3
The chance to be an active player in the defence of their country .	2
My vampire's in convulsions .	4
Here there's a roof over your head Might as well stay here	8
What if we use the first letter of every word ?	2
Seemed like a nice fellow .	5
Leave her alone .	1
Something's happened .	4
You've seen what ?	7
It's good for the soul .	5
We could stop at the Jiffy Go ,	2
And you can't make me .	1
It has been my duty : serve the King .	8
One of my biggest disappointments over the last years is those who lack the courage of their convictions .	1
This is a better game than I thought .	7
Come on in here and you just sit right down here , you little cutie .	2
That's how I feel about it .	8
It was very nice to meet you .	5
Well , nobody asked you to .	1
I don't wan na kill you , Bell .	6
You talk treason and death .	3
I love this car .	5
I'm sure you want to be getting home .	8
Is this one of your shenanigans ?	3
You're a pal .	5
What's up with you people and that watermelon ?	2
I didn't say come in .	1
You've gone out of your mind .	1
If by the third count you and your officers are not on the way to work I will give the order to fire .	1
Give me a kiss .	2
You might choose your company with better taste .	3
Either he falls in line or I'll break him so open they won't find the pieces .	1
I think it's going well .	2
Mr. [PERSON] ? It's been so long . I almost didn't recognize you .	7
The truth is I wanted to quit .	6
[PERSON] , I don't like to be here .	3
Good stuff .	5
I hadn't spoken to him in and a half years .	2
The boy won't give me the eagle .	1
What do you do with yourself in [LOCATION] , [PERSON] ?	8
You hear me ?	1
Dad ? Dad ... ?	2
The aliens won't let it happen !	1
It gives me a terrible pain .	6
She's getting outta range !	7
Gentlemen , please don't go .	4
I devour ... Every time I think of you .	2
Life is more terrifying and more mysterious .	4
Okay , I'm with you .	8
I have to spend half my life waiting for these time clocks to open .	6
Oh , you just left her ?	6
I've been building a reputation for 25 , years .	5
And that's the most gorgeous thing I ever saw .	5
And tell her her old granddad will be back soon .	2
What makes you think he'll listen to me ?	6
I happen to be half - rag myself .	2
I ain't a boy !	1
You're driving me crazy .	1
Thanks for getting me out of purgatory .	8
So , you guys are mounties ?	2
How much farther is it , Mr O'[PERSON] ?	2
Remember when [PERSON] said when he was fighting sometimes , he'd fight so hard that he was thinking that he broke something inside ?	6
Look , Doctor , this ain't [LOCATION] or [LOCATION] or wherever you come from .	3
He should be here with his family .	6
And I was with some boys in the neighborhood , and we saw this and went ,  Oh , My God ! 	7
What kind of a father are you , anyway ?	3
You make me laugh .	5
I can't stand it anymore .	6
Do your best to keep him there until our men come along .	8
When he comes out , tell him I'll be back .	2
Burglars !	1
[PERSON] wouldn't just make that up , and he certainly wouldn't call and tell us that if it's not true .	8
Don't ever do that to me again !	1
You're so dumb , you don't know you're alive .	3
I bear them no malice . I'm sorry for them .	6
Yeah , yeah , I got the horse all picked out to buy the ... we actually reached this turn in the road .	1
And I ain't gonna repeat what he said .	1
Could you guys shut up in there ?	1
Would you like to see me ?	2
I just got a great idea for the campaign . Can you come over ?	2
At any rate , gentlemen , a charming , exquisite woman .	5
So much for old business .	6
We ain't had a chance to get this place too nice .	6
They have lost the ability to communicate and reason .	6
What do you want to see me about ?	4
Rocky , up !	2
Looking at the moon and feeling lonely	5
Run before they chop you down .	4
Japs !	4
I want my $ 200 !	1
You're not going to work with these monsters ?	4
So , what can I do for you ?	7
I'm gonna finish it .	2
Just a man with a poor taste in beers .	3
We await ...	2
He stole them turnips .	3
These assholes have been after me for my sources and you're ...	3
Let's straighten up and fly right .	8
Well , then , our timing's perfect .	5
Why didn't you tell me before my wife left ?	1
Oh , [PERSON] , for people like you and me the world can be a wonderful place .	5
Want me to pick out one for you , Dutch ?	8
It does matter .	6
Some poor son of a bitch on a public - indecency charge ... Paid off a PA to have his case dismissed .	1
He'd look very picturesque in the summerhouse .	5
It's always nice to see you .	5
Personally , I think it makes a very lovely transmutation .	5
You remember this guy .	8
Indeed throughout the entire interview ... he insisted they call him [PERSON] which is his right name and refused to answer to the name of [PERSON] .  	3
Well , that's pretty sweet .	5
I want you to see it .	2
[PERSON] , if you don't invite me , I'm coming anyway .	1
We object to that .	1
I mean % of the [LOCATION] population have seen these objects , but you create an environment where the subject is so pilloried and ridiculed , that no respectable scientist or doctor would want to be identified with it .	1
Well , don't bring his troubles to me .	1
What's the good news ?	2
Young lady , would you pull down your dress ? Sure .	8
You think I got this job because I fucked some fat - cat friend of [PERSON]'s .	1
No , not today .	1
He's wonderful .	5
I don't think even that would do it .	6
Please forgive me , [PERSON] .	8
I never see anything happen .	6
Those are damn fine men .	5
Oh , Shooter ... tell me ... is this young man of yours gonna give me any trouble ?	3
Did you ever get my flowers ?	1
Well , why didn't I know about that ?	1
I'm dead . I'm the walking dead . Are you gonna kill him or not ?	1
I - I know , I know .	1
There can be no quarreling here .	1
The [PERSON] !	7
If I let go , I'll fall !	4
You'll love what I got from Painless .	8
She has a lovely time .	5
If I could give you a job , I would do it .	8
May I ask you a question ?	2
I'm actually beginning to like them .	7
Where are the new boys ?	7
I wan na do you .	8
The one we've been waiting for .	2
We got a schedule . Come on .	2
Hurry back .	2
You want me to tail him ?	2
Get away from her , you bitch !	1
Doesn't a doctor have to do that ?	7
Apparently , Prince [PERSON] thought that was a very important ...	3
Come and fetch me , chéri ...	2
I was desperate .	4
The pheasant in this part of the country is extraordinary .	5
May it please the court , I submit that my entire line of defense ... is based on the proposition that persons of the female sex ... should be dealt with before the law as equals of persons of the male sex .	1
Didn't I tell ya some day he'd turn on ya ?	4
I was in a shop once , and I saw a postcard with a beautiful house on it , right by the sea .	5
I may have use for such misplaced devotion .	2
You think that by saying ,  I'm sorry ,  all the past can be corrected .	6
You , the most innocent of them all ?	7
It is [PERSON] , the High Priest , who is filthy in his ways .	3
What are you doing ? You can't come here . - Listen , [PERSON] .	1
Hey , these are keen !	7
All that fighting in there wore me out .	6
There's something I want you to know .	2
He used to use his hands .	6
Because soon you'll be history . That's enough ! In the name of God ,	1
What the hell are we doing out here ?	1
Tell me about you .	2
With this rate of tariff , I'm confident it'll have a mitigating effect on the anti-dumping cases .	8
Yes , I do . - No , you can't !	1
What are you doing in here ?	7
Tusk doesn't have any friends .	6
Claymore's gonna cut his nuts off faster than a hedge clipper .	1
Promise me that you are not a spy , and then I will make you a promise in return .	1
But it was that that looked .	6
I will , if you don't stop nagging me .	1
Someone's shown up to bail the city out .	7
Give us the f. . .	1
Thanks for looking after me , Mac .	8
This is United States Navy helo approaching your position .	8
He liked you .	5
Can he be moved !	1
We're going to build a brand - new city where [LOCATION] now stands .	2
[PERSON] does not get on that helicopter with the Royals . Instead she goes over to [PERSON]'s house and tries to kill him ?	2
No time to argue .	1
That's not competitive . That's ambition and talent .	5
You can't let radarjockeys push you around . Leave it to me .	1
This is really cool right here , huh ?	5
I've been aboard the [PERSON] too long .	3
These guys don't know how to work their VCRs .	3
Why do you wear that rug ?	3
That's a big surprise .	7
Fellas , we got ta be alone .	4
I'd like to meet this man and smoke with him .	2
No ! A lovely ladies ' purse .	5
I'll bet he's gonna help us .	8
Someday the revolution will come and we can overthrow our leader .	2
Keep your own tips .	1
Sorry , [LOCATION] .	6
Welcome to your new home .	8
Would they mock him ?	4
We got a new man coming in .	2
It will get me in much trouble .  	4
Now you know that the saddest thing in the world is life .	6
How many years to come ?	2
I know bad that this mission cause you grief , lady . Is of great importance for our country .	8
I don't feel so wonderful .	6
Nice day , huh ?	5
Good we're not broke , or we'd really be miserable .	7
And so , people of the press city officials in a few minutes Omni Consumer Products and the troubled city of [LOCATION] will join in a bold new venture .	2
[PERSON] , how are you ?	8
Used to go out on double dates together .	5
I wish it had gone .	6
Your opinion is that this was ... A staged rape ?	6
Unfortunately , Murder Incorporated beats a path to their door first .	2
The Navy has three psychiatrists who will testify that [PERSON] is sane .	8
You been busy with these dickheads .	1
You know , I never did mind being around you , [PERSON] .	5
You hate guys like me , don't you ?	3
How much longer ?	3
No , you don't !	4
Not an idiot ?	7
You mean they're throwing punches ?	7
How do you know all that ?	7
We all have ideas of right and wrong . - - But we have to pitch in for the good of the family .	8
Don't fuck me up .	1
That's [PERSON]'s , he values that . He won it ! Good !	5
It is not a pivotal project in your career .	6
She was a prisoner as I was , and he just heard that she's dead .	6
Oh , [PERSON] , can I have a chocolate one stuffed with meringue ?	2
I chew up you fucking wise guys and spit out [GAY SLUR] !	1
We are on an official mission ... and we have no right to change the orders of our superiors .	1
Oh , fuck !	7
[PERSON] has disappeared .	1
You took money from me when I was playing , when I was winning .	1
I did a catalogue with his names and residences .	7
Murdering unarmed men ?	3
Hundreds !	7
Our dog died last night , too .	6
Stay with my mother ?	1
What do think I contacted you for ?	7
Now , you stay put and listen to me .	1
See they're sweet , daddy ?	8
We just have to find someone else with more sense .	3
Don't raise your voice to me .	1
Out of the way !	1
This magnificent structure will be the seat of leadership for the new [LOCATION] .	2
Mr. [PERSON] , are you opposing me ?	1
Yeah !	5
I'll tell [PERSON] I'm engaged to [PERSON] .	2
And no one will believe me .	6
You'll have a lot more fun with [PERSON] .	2
They're vicious killers ! Wait a minute !	4
Now that's ... not a great deal of effort for more money than you ever dreamed of . And no risk ... no risk to you at all .	1
You're not telling me everything .	1
That's funny .	2
Don't you find that restful ?	7
Well , that's very thoughtful of you .	5
Why don't they use something easy to get ?	7
That's more like it !	5
Don't you think I know it ?	1
You're the hero of the hour .	8
Look at you , baby girl ! Hey , you ready to blow this joint or what ?	8
It still has the keys , Mr. [PERSON] ? - Oui .	2
This is [PERSON] reporting live ...	2
My uncle is a hard , unforgiving man .	4
Come on up .	2
You're scaring me .	4
Tell everybody what I think about them ?	4
She's about eight months pregnant and , uh ...	4
I can't do that , [PERSON] .	1
That was the night [PERSON] went away .	6
Just when I think you're dead , you always come back .	7
I thought we should get acquainted , since we're neighbours .	8
Hey , babe , you playin' cards ?	2
I'm not interested in some monkey riding the horse .	3
Now we have all the assholes in one room .	3
She was very nervous when we left [LOCATION] .	6
I'm talking too much .	6
I might break down and dance with you .	2
We have shown the two such a joy !	5
The cheque is no good .	6
Would you like us to take a break ?	3
Anyways , I don't give a damn .	1
With the transit trouble , I didn't expect to see you on time .	7
I feel useless because I was born without it .	6
Of course you're going in .	8
Nobody's blaming the SEALs and nobody is blaming you , [PERSON] .	8
What happened ?	2
My wife went to a lot of trouble .	8
It's over .	3
Thank you , sir .	8
There he comes !	2
Ass cam . - What ?	7
Just get out of here .	1
Miss what ?	7
You knew how I felt .	6
And send down something for dessert .	2
Well , he'd better be if he's gonna remain anything at all .	1
We have to leave right away . Otherwise we're gonna miss batting practice . Let's go .	2
Then you thought up this idea .	5
A fitting demise to the Prince of Powder .	8
I know you think I'm crazy .	6
You knew that too ?	7
♪ Fed his crew on worms and fishes ' gills for breakfast ♪	5
She can't make it on her own .	4
I want my passport back .	1
Yes , but if we use it , we'll win .	8
You come with us , and you got a chance .	8
Don't touch the money !	1
Now , don't tell me Shooter's your oldest and best friend .	3
You really believe that ?	3
I mean , you said it yourself , [PERSON] . He's born for this .	8
Looks like you just got your wings .	8
Why don't you have another one ?	2
We didn't win because [PERSON] has video of [PERSON] in their offices .	1
It's kind of the hardest part of all these 'cause he doesn't -- He don't know why we're here .	4
Any more than I could on that night I saw [PERSON] for the last time .	6
Can't they find him ?	4
Did you try to break into [PERSON]'s house the night of the murder .	1
I'll take care of him , [PERSON] .	8
[PERSON] is not on trial .	1
A quarter of a million dollars ?	7
I'm glad you said that .	5
I want to see it .	2
You might have noticed I've got a slight weight problem .	6
Nice meeting you . - Very nice meeting you . See you .	8
It is to you and you that my name means nothing .	3
Naturally , Mr. [PERSON] will pay all your expenses while you're being tested .	8
I hope that's not what I'm hearing .	4
I'll give you a night to remember .	2
You're not married ?	7
I don't want your tomatoes !	1
Can we track the grandmother's cell ?	2
They don't tell you why .	4
Oh , do I like the bed !	5
Cops !	7
He'll show up .	2
Trying to eliminate the human perverts .	3
My mental facilities are twice what yours are , you pea brain .	1
I'll see you later , okay ?	5
Dad , will you teach me how to fight ?	8
It is completely well now , mother .	5
I did my best and I was very ably assisted by my colleagues .	8
He never turned up at all .	1
Take him away , and the others , too !	1
[PERSON] was so excited about your coming .	5
Come on , I'm old enough to be your father .	1
The X-rays will be along shortly .	8
And that's the one thing that can make Mr. [PERSON] fly all the way here from [LOCATION] .	2
Take all the time in the world , Barley .	7
[PERSON] - boy's got a little something personal to discuss with you .	4
You're gonna be fine .	8
When he was a small boy , he charmed us all with his piano playing .	5
Where've you been ?	1
You go expecting these things to happen and they do .	7
I wonder if the [PERSON] would take the trouble to come to my beautiful room ?	2
Let me just look at you .	2
The moving finger had already writ and moved on , and nothing I could do would have canceled half a line , nor would my tears wash out a word of it .	6
Who wants to go take a look at the city ?	2
It's a trap .	4
No sweat .	8
This is our song .	5
How about -- this cereal is really good .	7
Your husband is harboring a killer .	3
We've got ta get the kids !	4
It's a shark !	4
It is so nice to meet you .	5
He'll take orders all right .	1
Look at [PERSON] go !	5
Oh , honey !	5
Look at it again , professor .	1
[PERSON]'s dead .	6
Well , I'm pleased to have seen you again , Mr. [PERSON] .	5
Don't ever leave me .	4
[PERSON] , sir , Operations .	8
I want to be alone .	6
If I can do anything for you , let me know .	8
He never spoke .	3
Blue , pink , yellow or orange ? - Green .	1
Miss [PERSON] , I would be most honoured if ...	8
We're going to start with the high board .	2
And now they've lost it .	1
I came home because I didn't want to worry you .	8
Well , that broke that up .	1
Living horrors of the deep were described today 	4
I've had a lot of fun , [PERSON] , I saw some shows , went to nightclubs .	5
I wish I had a nickel .	6
Power is on its way .	8
I'd like you to meet somebody .	8
[PERSON] , you're free !	2
But if the last powder was taken there is two days it can not be very important .	1
Where's the bastard that runs this shithole ?	3
I ought to have a doctor .	4
[PERSON] , did you know that your dad two - steps ? Really ?	7
Are you still here ?	3
I'm an honest businessman , a good husband and a father .	8
I bought him the loveliest little sweater as a reward .	5
You're the prettiest woman in the room , sweetheart .	5
[PERSON] gave me my title shot , you didn't .	1
Who are you ?	1
Today's my birthday .	5
It's great to see you , [PERSON] .	5
Yes , I'm looking for a place in town .	2
[PERSON] , it's perfect .	5
I turned pro at and I had eight fights .	8
We got to save her !	4
I'm asking you , [PERSON] .	2
You're always taking me out to the summerhouse !	1
There isn't anything to do .	6
Sounds great , but what is it ?	7
You don't seem very excited about it .	6
Here we go !	2
He said no pilots .	6
Why are all in need to run after anything .	1
When he gets off the train , he'll pick up some gold and send it to me .	2
When I gave these files to her , they were in nice order .	1
How can I undo the spell ?	4
Let's go .	2
It would adore . [PERSON] , [PERSON] , come to my office a moment .	5
It's a miracle .	7
Well then let's have fun , baby .	2
Usually , this woman is gentle as a dove .	7
That will be the toughest part .	6
Don't do anything until you hear from me .	1
Me , too .	8
I want to be fair .	8
I couldn't sleep .	6
That's a cute puppy .	5
Most of the young hotshots were lining up for Robbery or Homicide .	5
You thought I was in this for the money , [PERSON] ?	7
You wanted to see me ?	2
Don't change the station .	1
What a shame .	6
Yet neither the husband or anybody else has been in to see her all day .	6
That's all I need , five more minutes .	4
I know everything , [PERSON] .	1
Half of [LOCATION]'s on the way up here .	2
You can get brave any time you feel like it .	5
You think you're the only guy in this paw that wants out ?	1
These are the firearms we use .	4
Would that have satisfied her ? What's that ?	2
Mr [PERSON] , there's someone I'd like you to meet .	2
And the next Backpage is gonna come along unless we fix the CDA .	4
I thought you were getting fatter , Mama !	7
Anybody would be ashamed of that .	3
Let him go .	2
You're too young to smoke !	1
Ma damn foot's caught in the door !	1
You look so pretty .	5
Sorry you had to come back to something like this .	6
I'll not go !	1
I bet you're starving to death .	6
There's a gas pump out by the shed .	2
I tried to make her care , but I couldn't .	6
My ex-wife is now in [LOCATION] , in my ex-home with my ex-dog .	3
There was a story I heard ... about a wishing stone somewhere on the bank of the [LOCATION] .	2
I'm having a ball .	2
I don't think I'll be able to join you fellows after all .	6
I could ask you the same question .	1
Come out , come out wherever you are ...	4
I won't live long .	6
Some people don't like my metaphors .	6
You vermin !	3
You drink to relax .	8
But in no time at all , you'll be soldiers .	2
Tough cop falls for beautiful murderess .	6
Charming , all of you .	8
Here , let me help you .	8
You're welcome .	8
I don't wan na see you split up .	6
I'm an American citizen , buddy !	1
Isn't that wonderful , father ?	5
I told you I'd handle him .	1
I would like you to meet a few of the exhibits here on the platform .	2
The result of this is that we're in a crisis that is unacknowledged , ironically .	3
I'm gonna do it alone !	8
Don't feel bad .	2
I'll get you another one . Catch it .	8
How could you speak of love to me , say the things you did , and you about to be married .	6
Love you , too .	4
You wan na run get me some ?	2
Good luck to you .	8
Embarrassing , Your Majesty ?	4
Hey , I love you .	5
You can afford it when I kick your teeth !	3
Honey , I haven't had a chance to really talk to her ...	6
[PERSON] , I don't mind you being stupid , but this is crazy .	3
Yes !	5
Leon , I want to confess .	8
I tried one of them once , but she didn't show any enthusiasm at all .	6
You come to a crime scene , you don't know who to shoot .	1
Drop that cannon .	1
Your brother taught you to kiss ?	7
Boy , I don't know how you survived in this world up to now .	7
Get him in the corridor .	3
Honey , dinner will be ready in about 30 , minutes .	2
A real Jekyll and [PERSON] .	3
Men flirt with girls like that , but they don't marry them .	1
[PERSON] put me onto this .	4
Give me a yell when you want me to unlock the door .	8
Because you were frightened for the safety of yourselves and your unborn child ?	4
Can I help you with that ?	2
One of these days , when I get my boat built I'm gonna drift out of this damn territory .	1
Can't be done , not with this equipment .	6
Old man , give me the keys !	1
If only I'd done a better job .	6
I just feel like if I don't do what you want you're gonna leave me .	4
Dorcas , it brings me stamps , please .	1
As I said , it's nothing fancy , but it's clean .	5
Nobody gives a shit , believe me !	1
I'm in love , [LOCATION] .	5
And that we have an uncorrupted scientific establishment , which we do not and which we will prove .	6
But it's our necks you're risking now , and I say no .	4
[PERSON] ?	2
Soon they'll make admirals out of captains with guts .	1
I promise you .	8
Where the hell where you all night ?	1
You made the spell and you can undo it !	1
No , the scotch will be fine .	8
Oh , how I have longed to hold this child .	5
They wouldn't let you take your dog ?	7
You also said you had money .	1
I'm all packed .	5
Honestly , [PERSON] . What is the matter with you tonight ?	1
How long must we wait here ?	2
Man , just look at him .	3
Oh my God .	2
I knew it !	5
We've made our decision .	2
She's a very agreeable child , you'll see .	2
I've kept it in my pocket for years .	8
There's no code we can't break .	8
You should be back in [LOCATION] on time .	2
♪ Got a whale of a tale to tell you , boys ♪	2
When I find [PERSON] ...	4
No , get away from her you fucking old bitch !	1
Let's have coffee together .	2
Now , it will go under in to hours .	8
I am exhausted .	6
Oh , it's a sad day for all of us .	6
No ! We're extracting ! Give me the breaching charges !	1
I can't believe this . I thought you said they had nothing in the hopper .	7
Nobody move . This is a bust .	1
Let's use our fists	8
You dreamt I lost some weight ?	7
[PERSON] , I'm disappointed in you . Hiding under a nest while [PERSON] needs help .	1
By the time they're done shitting ' their pants , I'm long gone , right ?	8
Get along with it .	1
Throw him in the car .	1
There's nothing mysterious about her , she's just a cheap , little ...	3
You have your orders . Aye , sir .	8
Listen to me and keep still .	1
Couldn't we have something brought in on trays like big executives ?	2
Nobody understands us .	6
Oh , no !	4
I'm sure you'll be glad to know that law and order has come to [LOCATION] .	5
You don't believe that stuff , do you ?	7
I'm not doing it alone .	4
Perseus is moving into danger .	4
He's inside !	2
You rinse , you get this glob of plaque you got ta spit out .	3
We could have backed him up .	6
Many of you aren't wearing battle gear .	6
I'll be proud of you no matter how you do .	8
You girls a bunch of nudists ? Or you just , uh , short of clothes ?	3
What does it matter ?	1
We did it , Mr. [PERSON] .	2
They make me .	4
You sound like a woman with a mission . I am .	7
Theoretically , it should have a much greater effect .	7
The deal with [PERSON] was a mistake .	3
All I can do is put you in tactical command of the operation .	8
Such spirit ! Catch me if you can !	1
[PERSON] drowned the day before his fourth birthday .	6
Is it important ?	2
He was my brother .	6
After marrying , clear what ...	3
You wan na dance ?	2
He asked her to marry him after the war .	8
It's for my kind of money .	2
Hey , put it together for [LOCATION] !	2
Two booger - eaters dead ahead . Easy .	2
You're stronger than you think .	8
You have no right .	1
Forget it !	1
When a threatening power lands in our capital we don't meet them with tea and cookies .	1
We belong here .	5
He's excited about this camping trip we're going on .	2
I've been to that scumbag town .	3
You look fabulous .	5
Not unless you're crazy , baby , and crazy you are not .	8
What horror !	3
That's a dream worth living for .	2
I'm always getting winked at these days .	7
Gentlemen , how would you all like a mint julep ?	2
You came up here to kill me , didn't you ?	4
I don't care if you fire me this exact fucking moment .	1
There's a lot too much going on .	1
We were scared to hell .	4
Certainly making a fool of yourself .	3
I think that both [PERSON] and I can promise you a very interesting week ahead .	2
[PERSON] just texted me to meet him , but call me back as soon as you can , okay ?	2
It provides us that delicious house over there .	2
Can we ever believe again ?	6
It's a miracle man .	5
I smell blood .	4
That's a stolen car .	4
Remember the night ? The first time I went scrambling with the Rebels .	5
Funny , he never told me his name .	7
I thought you were fast asleep .	7
Stop .	1
You come with me , alone , and we leave in minutes .	8
It's still my hat , you know .	1
[PERSON] , where's the kid ?	1
I do not know !	1
Cannonball !	5
He's really caving in . I want him to commit his stocks to us this afternoon .	2
Be nice to that girl .	1
And you must be Mr Barley .	8
Naughty , Pumpkin !	1
So , are you on holiday or ... ?	5
It's not that you fuck around a lot . It's that you lie about it .	1
And I'm willing to pay for what I want .	2
In the interest of the West's greatest horse , the bronco and myself , who grows them , I'm putting up an extra $ 1,000 , to the bronco rider who wins !	2
They took [PERSON]'s body ? He can't even bury her ?	7
Good heavens , these Russian names .	7
It's wonderful to feel her throat crush under your arm .	1
I was just trying to tidy up .	1
I'm not trying to amuse you .	1
And yet with all that ... they still want to try it again ?	4
Then what are you gonna come home to ?	6
My heart is yours , [LOCATION] , but I can never be .	6
Morning . - Hey , babe !	8
He said he forgot .	6
He's home free .	8
I have more power in this hand than all you fucking know .	8
You put my eye out , you bitches !	1
But you have such an honest face .	8
We've cut the target adrift .	2
No unpleasantness , I hope .	8
Your severed heads will mean nothing to the emperor	1
I know all those stories .	3
God sees everything .	8
Then take my advice .	8
The guy was just talkin' about gettin' a shot .	4
Why did you turn away from me ?	8
Something ya got for Christmas ?	5
You know the table is good .	5
Let's get him !	1
We want to thank you all for making our lives just a little brighter , here on We Love Radio .	8
Get ice - cold soda !	2
All you need to know about the Trinity is this . God is like a shamrock !	5
Looking back ,	6
Wish for our lives !	4
It had to be total and it had to be honest .	8
Tell the boys anyone caught arguing with a depositor will be fired .	1
We mean it , sir , all kiddin' aside .	8
If I get this shot , you'll like it a lot better , right ?	2
That only took two seconds .	7
How do you plan to pass if you're too busy stealing cars And shooting black people ?	1
I appreciate this damn thing more and more every day .	8
Let's rescue father ! Yes !	2
Well , I can have a word with you .	8
The professor has been misquoted outrageously .	3
And I'll have every gunboat in the Navy hunting ' ole Nemo .	1
Going to have dessert when we finish our hot dog ?	2
Careful of my vitals .	4
Are you in tonight ?	2
How many times do I have to tell you ? You don't know what you're dealing with .	1
That woman as the equal of man is entitled to equality before the law .	1
I know this sounds weird ... There's no place I'd rather be .	8
These are my friends .	8
Oh , here you are ...	6
Nobody can call me the things he did .	1
Was that the phone ?	7
[PERSON] , let's go spring Chino .	2
I feel As a tear .	6
And that's the way it was .	8
♪ They knew it wasn't beef ♪	5
They're in [PERSON]'s pocket .	3
The figures I have just quoted indicate an efficiently run o .	8
Father , he might betray you !	1
I guess I'm just exhausted .	6
Suck on that . Hey , who's there ?	7
I can't let that happen again .	1
You will not bleed .	8
Wow ... you look great .	8
Sit down and relax , and ... be brilliant .	5
She's got an indiscreet voice .	3
My grandma's really sick ,	4
I know how to use this ! - Don't make me use this thing !	4
Well see you !	2
What's this mess ?	3
But don't let them take the boots .	8
But when I told the police , I do not think they believed me .	6
And there's nobody to tell me that the results are anything but brilliant , so I live in a comfortable glow of self - appreciation .	5
I've got bad news for you , GJ .	6
I appreciate that , Agent [PERSON] .	8
I hope you're not implying that the caucus shouldn't have a voice in international affairs .	1
I'm going with you , Al.	8
I'll give her your message with my whole army .	1
Tell me the truth .	8
Hey , chief .	2
The elevator will get you up in three minutes .	2
What's going on , [PERSON] ?	4
It's the prettiest place on the island .	5
Then I'll take her when you're dead !	1
[PERSON] , you don't like this job any more than I do , do you ?	3
Brilliant , brother , brilliant .	5
I'm sorry I snapped at you .	6
We'll make it if we're careful .	8
What are you doing with this guy ?	7
That is the original invitation .	2
You have to stay indoors to avoid them .	4
There was nothing that could be done for her , except wait .	6
Perseus and [PERSON] will be happy together .	5
You wan na help me make dinner ? - Uh , no !	1
You know what's gonna happen to you if you don't surrender !	1
First of all , I'd like to thank everyone who supported me in my race for Mayor .	5
You thought you done good , she'll get us all killed .	1
It's nice to see you again .	5
I'm not playing at being provost marshal . And I never heard of luck that didn't run out .	1
A lovely shade of green !	5
I want it the way it used to be .	6
I wanted to hurt a pimp . That's what I wanted to do .	1
I'm going to take you and buy you a drink .	2
What sucker would buy the Chiefs ?	3
Well , what do I care .	1
In hospital he'd hide cigars and brandy all over the place .	3
I don't know what I may tell you .	4
Well , if it won't wake up the kids .	2
So do not listen to anything	1
Where's the music , man ?	2
What do you want ?	1
Nobody comes , nobody pays any attention .	6
Why didn't you think of that ?	1
Let's change the subject .	1
You could have alerted us !	1
I give up !	1
We have to drop the case .	6
All right , guys , what do you got ?	2
Please let me stay .	6
You're probably wondering what I'm doing here in this box. ,	7
This is my first night being a dad .	2
I'm warning you .	1
Let the boy come in , [PERSON] .	8
It looks better on you .	7
The rest of you will play [PERSON] and [PERSON]'s friends .	2
You don't say ?	7
A vampire ...	4
You'll land us all in prison .	4
My unreliable helmsman failed to warn me about that .	1
You know , I'm not so fond of raising money , but I think it's idiotic to turn that job over to him .	3
I love them , though .	5
We'll answer anything you want to know .	8
We have to keep on what we've been doing and break him .	1
That's where we must attack .	1
[PERSON] , take care of this .	8
We're payin' 'em back , boy .	1
I look good in a mink coat , honey .	5
I'll have my work all finished by the time you get there .	2
You guys , I'm so excited !	2
Let me tell you , young lady , it is never easy to be the son of a successful father .	6
In the past we've had our differences but I'm sure they can be worked out .	8
Put them down and turn your back .	1
I'm so bored with this face .	3
It'll all be over by Thursday .	2
I'm afraid it isn't quite as easy as all that .	4
Tell him he's too tough for me .	1
You mean , Dad's not coming home anymore ?	6
You don't have to hide your bruises , [PERSON] .	8
What I wonder is if you were wearing this when you were banging [PERSON] .	3
I'll invite [PERSON] to dinner Saturday .	5
However , I'm counting on you to respond appropriately .	8
These are businessmen with no knowledge of creative personalities .	3
You can't buy people's souls .	1
That was close , mate .	2
You've got a big mouth , Senator .	3
And now they need a new one .	2
No ! Are you crazy ?	1
Beautiful .	8
And there's not a damn thing you can do about it , you understand me ?	1
Pleasure meeting you .	5
I got enough problems with my old man .	4
I think it's about time we go out there , don't you ?	8
Will you be needing the car tonight ?	2
I'm not hearing this .	1
I never danced in public before .	4
My prince , did I hear you right ?	7
Who was that girl ?	2
This will be our child .	2
I don't know what you think you're doing here , but you better get out of my office before you find yourself under arrest .	1
Oh , I hope it's not serious .	4
Who wants to be first ?	2
I'm happy to see you .	5
What should we do , moron ?	3
Mr Bear ticklish ?	5
They don't know he's here , do they ?	7
We wouldn't last more than hours before we had a fatal accident !	4
I haven't any friends , [PERSON] .	6
Right now . - Right now ? - ( chuckles )	2
It is time for the Torlato - Favrinis to get off the world .	1
You didn't tell us ?	6
You know what we ought to do ? Steal the money for ourselves .	7
I hope I shall .	2
And the sociopaths that are in control of those programs can't be allowed to speak for planet [LOCATION] .	1
Why were his fingerprints all over that goddamn glass ?	1
That !	7
Okay , it was just a thought .	6
There you go .	8
Time drags when you're tired .	6
Hey , sugar , you looking for a date ?	2
And we are no longer victims of this violent , convulsive act , which so debased women and betrayed men .	3
He couldn't hang out with his own , because there was nobody up there for him .	4
Goddamn it , [PERSON] , will you trust me ?	1
Carlo would love to say hello !	2
You must have a strong stomach to want to see that sort of thing .	7
Hey , I'm sorry about upstairs but I do see your pretty face and I just had to kiss it .	4
I knew it all along though , didn't I ? What else it is new , right ?	2
So that you could tell me this ?	1
Shame on the people who put us in here !	1
You protest too much .	1
Another day or two , we'll know for sure who it is .	2
And if you don't understand plain English ... maybe there's something else you will understand .	3
I must break you .	1
I will show you freaky ...	3
Oh , sure . Cry all you want . 	3
I think I do .	8
How do you live with it , Miss [PERSON] ?	7
Do you know [PERSON] , our ambassador there ?	2
Don't you know it's bad to light forest fires ?	1
I used to use my hands .	6
You spoke for him .	7
I can't remember . - You can't remember ?	7
Don't leave me !	4
You have a lot of faith in us !	7
Don't bother about me .	6
What should I be afraid ?	4
Why didn't your operator look at the other indicators ?	7
A cockroach !	3
You don't sound very grateful , Dr. Blood .	6
I hope this doesn't ruin my tryout for cheerleader .	4
You're late .	1
You and I could go there .	2
Enjoying the party , Captain [PERSON] ?	1
There is an enormous confusion .	2
You don't realise what a plum you are for us .	5
Nothing wild , right ?	4
You know , you're too stupid to even be a good bigot .	3
I did not want to miss that .	6
I'm a good pilot .	5
Is that it ?	6
He owns Wolf City Development , which owns [LOCATION] ... which lets us alone .	8
Did somebody die or lose money or something ?	2
This is not a good place for you .	6
He's a wonderful man .	5
I know I can always count on you .	8
Looks cute .	5
They're maniacs .	3
That ain't gonna last forever .	4
Just promise me you'll see a doctor as soon as you get there , okay ?	4
[PERSON] , this is [PERSON] .	8
She never asks for money , but somehow she always happens to help grateful rich people .	3
Are you ready , boy ?	2
It was them ! They sent it !	5
You can't leave me with Ma !	1
Yes , I want you must call the My husband's family .	1
What a jerk .	1
That just can't be .	6
Take this and start a new life for yourself . Somewhere off this bus , okay ?	8
May we hear our next bid , please ?	2
Don't try to be so sarcastic .	1
You're in no particular danger , I think .	8
You mean you don't love him anymore ?	6
What has happened to your friends , Father ?	7
Is it that you don't trust me ? No !	1
That's what always happens when people fall in love .	6
Yeah , well , we're going . - Not with you !	1
Uncle [PERSON] ?	7
Toad's friends tried to help him , but were always blocked .	6
One more scratch on it and your career in the Navy is ended .	1
Shame on you for hiding behind the First Amendment .	3
Thank you for keeping us alive .	8
Hold him !	1
call me tonight or I ' II go crazy .	2
You look like an honest man .	8
Come with .	2
I do not peek .	1
I need to talk to her .	1
I find your presence comforting somehow .	8
We'll never forget it , [PERSON] .	8
She was precocious , nosy , opinionated .	3
Hi .	5
There's been enough bloodshed already .	6
She killed her husband same as if she shot him .	4
I was wondering if your guy could treat my pool .	2
Who knows what it might do .	4
That's nice . Thank you .	8
Yeah , right .	3
That I knew how miserable you were with him ?	6
I'll accept that .	5
Let's not waste any time .	2
I thought that's when my life really began .	2
I've had a hell of a time after I've told this story , but I continue to tell the story because I think it's important for people to understand that this sort of shit goes on in the government !	1
I know , but it's too bad that wrestler Had to die for me to get it .	5
If men and nations had this goodness that I speak of , I would be willing to share all this ... My records , everything .	6
But . .	6
I wish I could share your confidence .	6
Let me finish , sweet .	2
Please , give me one more minute !	4
I told you never to ask me how I feel .	1
One can't expect bloody Yanks to understand .	1
What's this ?	2
I'm telling you , it's gonna be all right .	8
How the hell did you know I didn't have the king or the ace ?	1
I have a gift for you .	5
I care for you very much , Inglés .	8
You fall for a fruit man , you run off and marry him . Boy June , you really know how to pick them .	2
That'll teach you to go around saying things about people .	1
And hear , actually . The language is something you're never gonna forget .	2
[PERSON] , where are you ?	4
I still killed three women .	3
Glad you told me .	5
Busted .	1
But when you worry , darkness does something to you .	6
She lied !	1
Fingers crossed .	2
I am so sorry . Hi , buddy !	8
There ought to be some ...	7
It'll get cold .	4
Y' all ready to go camping ?	2
I have the satisfaction that all her pictures have been stinkers since I stopped writing them .	1
How are those crackers ?	2
I didn't tell him .	6
They look like they've come to a funeral .	6
But you are more stupid .	5
Exaggerate .	1
We have a shop rule here , no liquor on the premises .	1
[PERSON]'s my boy .	5
And you believe that ?	7
But in fact the level was dangerously low .	4
The margin for error is narrow here .	8
Coates , [PERSON] , take the first sentry duty .	8
My dear , sweet , loving bride !	5
You're gonna love them .	2
God , that's beautiful .	5
He is an upwardly - mobile super-achiever and lives in a condo on [LOCATION] .	3
Smile .	8
You idiot .	1
Fear not .	8
You're paid at the bank opposite the hospital .	2
Now ! - Let me go !	1
If I ask you to kill someone ?	2
I hardly recognize him with his mouth closed .	3
I wan na know whose idea it was to have children .	3
Smash it ! Rip it !	2
Oh , God , we thought they'd killed you .	4
He has to testify again in [LOCATION] in days , but he not gonna make it now because by tomorrow this story's in the newspaper .	4
Wan na apologize for the other night .	3
It's yours , Shooter .	2
I didn't know ... that she was in trouble .	6
The president would like to be a friend to you , but you're making it very difficult .	1
I will get off there and my chauffeur will take you to your destination .	8
If it's more important than golf , go ahead .	2
She is the most immoral young lady I have ever seen .	3
How did that happen ?	2
I want the whole morning edition a blast to push him off the floor .	1
I wish they'd both go out .	1
I'm in rehab ?	4
No ! - Morning hugs ?	8
You beast .	3
I don't want to discourage --	6
I swear I didn't know .	3
Watch it , it's still wet .	4
This here's the favourite thing that I have on this earth .	5
Oh , this is terrible .	4
[PERSON] , don't press it this time .	1
Listen , [PERSON] .	6
I died far away from my home	6
[PERSON] , I don't want to leave like this .	6
[PERSON]'s been used to the pretty islands .	8
[PERSON] , get back upstairs with the brat .	3
Tell him you're gonna play games on his fucking head .	3
These stalls are awfully dirty and they're backed up .	3
And with your help ...	8
We were all a part of what happened to her .	6
I'm not asking permission !	1
You wan na concentrate now . Back straight , stomach in nice and tight , ok ?	2
Listen to this .	2
I'm still wearing a bow tie so I can look just like you .	8
Sick dog , what's his name ?	2
Mr. [PERSON] , this is your son's girlfriend .	8
This is beautiful .	5
Is it for this that you hold me back from a raid on [LOCATION] ?	7
This is something that nobody has ever heard about or seen before .	2
I'm obliged to you for getting me out of the fix I was in .	8
There's nobody left around here now .	6
You have a first name , haven't you ?	1
Something went wrong .	6
I am not the man you thought I was .	3
But hair just keeps on sprouting .	1
Just let my man shoot here , okay ? Just take it easy . $ on this .	1
You've got a customer .	8
If I can watch TV .	1
God ?	2
They'll kill us first .	4
I'm a little tense about the exam tomorrow .	2
It won't hurt you , kid .	8
Hey , would you get a load of this joint ?	2
Two men believed responsible for the attack were captured .	7
I know you like the way I feel .	5
How about what the hell you're doing in there to begin with ?	1
Do not say that .	1
That's the character ! That's the quality I've been looking for ! Now , what you're doing .	5
Your time comes again .	2
Hey ! So I know I haven't been the best dad in the world .	6
Hi , [LOCATION] . Can you put [PERSON] back on , please ?	2
I want to talk to you tonight .	8
Put my fucking car back on the track , will ya ?	1
They can't keep the department out of it .	1
I am glad that Senator [PERSON] is calm , because every once in a while I'm ready to do a [PERSON] on these guys .	1
I also know about the stakeouts , the tailings , the video cassettes .	4
I know you're crazy about me .	5
I felt obliged to come and pay my respects before moving on .	8
And then you get free .	2
[PERSON] !	1
Did it ever occur to you , [PERSON] , that the prince looked everywhere for [PERSON] just so that he could put the shoe back on her foot ?	1
You and I have had a wonderful time .	5
A lot of fun you are .	5
I'm always delighted to meet [PERSON]'s friends .	5
Perhaps you are not aware that the bridge is now under my personal command .	1
She figured out where the kids are being held , and she wants us to go rescue them .	2
But don't worry , I'll show you how .	8
You got a minute ?	2
I'll call you [PERSON] because that's what the Rock said .	8
OK , you know the drill .	7
Why do you look at me like that ?	4
So much you had to take up with that low - down piece , old [LOCATION] .	3
Cool , thank you .	7
I refuse to answer , sir .	1
They value their writers .	8
Not for a little while , no , ma'am .	1
Even so , mon ami .	8
You're saying that someone made it look as if it had been forced from the outside ?	7
I'm supposed to be your partner here .	1
Love you .	8
And you , all the time laughing at me .	1
Environmentalists call it a disaster .	1
I always seem to come up smalltime . Except all of a sudden now , this guy [PERSON] falls right in my lap out of sheer luck .	5
I'm gonna say , this is a crucial moment . For both of you .	2
Well , haven't you seen the paper ?	7
You've had it too easy and you don't know it . No , no . I do know it .	1
I believe whoever killed Detective [PERSON] had recently been in a slaughterhouse .	3
Say , wait a minute .	7
Good night , [PERSON] .	8
You know what I like about you ?	8
We must protect these investments so the area can continue to prosper and grow .	8
No , Dad , we adopted .	6
You earned a piece of it .	8
I want to see [LOCATION] [LOCATION] !	2
If you were a man , I'd break your neck for that .	1
I want to overthrow the Grand Duchess .	2
Nothing is guaranteed .	4
Well , I mean ... when you admire a man , you just go all out .	5
By most standards , flying all the way to [LOCATION] to look for a new face would seem like going to a lot of trouble .	1
I'd be too scared to do it .	4
What the fuck man ?	1
You been in touch with [PERSON] ...	4
Withdraw !	4
You're not usually so slow on the uptake , [PERSON] .	7
There's gonna be a lot of clowns out there with firearms and itchy fingers .	3
What the hell is this , [PERSON] ?	1
Pretend the guy's like a balloon .  	2
I hope so , for your sake .	8
I went through all his papers very carefully .	8
I was bored to death .	1
And sure enough we had some spectacular successes .	5
I knew you'd come . I was ... I was waiting !	1
Leader , this is God . I'm in position .	8
Come on , lighten up .	8
I want her out of here , Doctor .	3
And we'd like you to explain it to the sister superior .	3
We're in this thing together .	8
I am an expert on this .	8
Uh , something like that , yes .	7
Let me out ! Right !	4
Yeah , mind your own business .	1
That I can not do .	8
And lock your doors while you're driving , Because there is no telling what kind of hustlers Can come up to your car .	4
Majesty I can present ... my young daughter , the new Countess of [PERSON] ?	2
You're only acting .	1
Not necessarily , this country plays tricks with the eyes .	1
Because of your colonel's stubbornness we are far behind schedule .	1
I've never tried to kill myself successfully .	6
You'd better leave that bandage alone , unless you want to start bleeding again .	4
But the team comes first .	2
Maybe God is telling us something .	8
You son of a bitch !	1
Disappointing .	6
And I'll see you in court in three weeks .	1
You saved those men's lives .	5
The firm's having withdrawal pains at the bank , if it's any of your bloody business .	1
Stop , you !	1
Some gang !	8
We must have missed him .	6
Oh , foo - foo says hello , too !	5
Was it you ?	1
You big pussy !	1
I'm just starting to feel like ... Pretty alone .	6
It will be refused , the Lady Tadminster it can open the party in the first day , and you .	1
My god , I am still in love you .	2
Well , there's more than one way to skin a cat .	3
The Voice played a role in [LOCATION] [LOCATION]'s journalism that was unequaled .	5
Go !	1
Ooh ... Well , we almost had it there for a second ,	4
Are you confessing to this ? - Yes . I confess .	3
You're men !	1
Part of the family now .	8
I haven't seen you around their office , though .	7
Just one ?	7
You mind if I take my boots off ?	2
Imagine , an important part of my life wasted between whistles .	6
Oh , this is a Kandinsky !	7
Open the windows !	1
With [LOCATION] conquered , nothing can stand in our way .	2
This is terrible .	6
Have you no recollection of a conversation with [PERSON] ?	2
Get outta the way .	1
Dad , they've got [PERSON] .	4
So far you haven't given us any information	1
You have changed .	7
Do you think I do ?	1
The King accepts our proposal with great enthusiasm .	8
I don't know , but now that we're aware of it , we can try to track it back , hopefully back to [LOCATION] .	8
You've had your trial .	4
Is it bleeding ?	4
Must be the Jamaicans .	3
He promised you parts in Cats ?	7
It's a monster !	4
You asked for second helpings .	1
Back to Righteous villa ? It's haunted !	4
You got ta fix this mess , be it how you fix it with your girl , or how you fix it with [PERSON] , cos I just know my daughter doesn't deserve to be involved in this .	6
She kissed you ?	7
Hey !	1
A legend on this force is dead .	6
I wonder if you'd like to see my bathroom ?	2
But do you truly believe that by deliberate present - day action we can neutralize that possibility and alter the future ?	7
I have no defence against forgery !	4
I have a car for you .	5
Just relax for a minute and then tell me all about it .	8
I'll come back to see you very soon , and I'll write often .	2
Honey , please don't stand like that .	1
Quickly !	2
We don't want speeches .	1
And we learned a lot from you .	8
Nuclear peace for years .	4
To do that would cause worldwide panic .	4
Company's coming .	2
What life awaits a half man outside the fence ?	4
Well , now I want to be loved .	8
Right in the middle of our celebration ... the firebase got hit by a mortar attack .	4
But before that I wrote him lovingly many times .	5
I want you to know something , [PERSON] .	2
Am I gonna see you in there ?	2
Of course you can .	8
I thought your favourite was chicken .	7
[PERSON] , you can have the Giants tickets .	8
It's great to be back home .	5
Nice to see you too .	5
I promise I'll take care of the Grimm .	8
I want them to tell [PERSON] that [PERSON] is dirty .	2
He'll be our child .	2
You're annoying me .	1
I like pink champagne .	5
Okay , we're all going into the vault now .	2
Officers are en route .	8
Why me ?	2
I haven't even told my wife yet . You haven't ?	4
I'm grounded .	6
More !	1
You haven't had the big payday yet .	2
Look , he doesn't work here anymore , so ...	3
You must be wondering why I called you here .	2
Now get out of here .	1
Stop , wait !	6
Whoa ! - A goldfish .	7
I'm gonna kill myself .	6
Don't do anything foolish .	3
Let's have a good game .	2
I'm going to need you to put your hands up .	8
If he refuses , you got ta insult him !	1
Spoil what ?	1
Before you know it , we'll be good again .	5
Stop talking like a fool !	3
But I don't know anything about [LOCATION] .	2
How can we ever repay you ?	8
Is it worth the risk of a scandal ?	4
I've , uh , really enjoyed this little chat .	4
Oh , my god ! What are you doing ?	7
Perhaps I shouldn't have met him .	6
Well , it figured . It was like that from the minute I laid eyes on her .	8
What were you seeing him about ?	7
It could have been a dead end .	4
One thing I don't want is to start this endless discussion all over again .	1
You'll see a puff of smoke from my exhaust when I cut in the motor . That's when you hit the magic button .	6
Let's try it , shall we ?	2
No - no - no - no ... now , see , half of my team is dead ... by your hand .	4
Come here , little boy .	2
Contact Ambassador [PERSON] and buy me more minutes .	2
What I see is what I see ... We'll do what we can , Mr. [PERSON] .	1
Yet men have killed and proved a reason ... and been set free .	3
Make it up to you .	8
You've got ten minutes to clear out .	1
[PERSON] , I'm going to let you in on something .	8
You are right .	8
But I got ta warn you , she can be a little vicious with the garlic !	8
Death comes closer for us all .	4
I'm headed for hell anyway	3
Something's going to happen on [PERSON] soon .	2
Of course . You're a big supporter of my opponent .	8
You question the judge's integrity ?	1
I have too many scars .	6
Everything these days is pictures .	3
As long as they're not dead ...	4
And what do you think those old geezers really miss in [LOCATION] ?	7
She said she's not in a head - space for a relationship , with everything that's going on in the world .	6
The public's not calm .	4
Alright , knock it off !	1
What are you doing with that piece of sheep dip ?	3
I never heard anything more true .	8
How about that drink ?	2
Now , those were your exact instructions , [PERSON] , so don't punish Oscar for it .	1
You can't hide a corpse , [PERSON] .	1
You mustn't cry anymore .	6
Smart man , he's gonna play his cards right tight up against his chest .	8
Arnie ! Hey , [PERSON] !	2
I have a kid . I have a kid . - Hmm ?	4
Preparing to move . Three passengers . On schedule .	8
It's somehow able to bend light .	7
It could be a boyfriend . Some guy she picked up .	2
Would you like a little more tea ?	2
Find someone else to sing about .	1
Nobody messes with the Healys !	1
Jesus Christ .	4
Well , I never said that .	1
Not a living soul left .	8
All I wan na do is clean it up , get it right .	6
All you people don't know about lost causes .	3
Thank you . I am still curious	5
even though it continues to dominate the market for sex ads .	3
Later , you fucker !	1
If there were more time ...	6
I hated to do anything that might get you into trouble .	6
Better you than your mother .	3
Anyone in your vicinity is in danger .	4
I love soothing a man .	5
Giants !	7
Anybody can type .	1
You know I talk to it sometimes , and I beg it to wake me up .	6
Come on , hurry ! Hurry !	4
Can't pay his bills .	3
Yes ?	2
They've been setting up weird radar sensors all over downtown .	4
Her boyfriend was killed in a racing accident .	6
Nurse ...	4
They're watching us .	4
Thanks for nothing .	1
No , let's sing about us .	2
I guarantee you that these dreams or nightmares or whatever the hell they are will never bother you again .	6
You will pay me back .	1
[PERSON] is dead .	6
Doctor's here to examine you , freak just so no one can say we laid one finger on you .	1
[PERSON] , [PERSON] , I'll tell you something .	4
The loveliest lady I've ever seen .	5
Move and I'll slit your throat !	1
I suppose they were all in love with you .	5
I want to go to [LOCATION] .	2
Bless me , Father , for I have sinned . Father ?	8
The important thing is that you stand up there and take your cuts , OK ?	8
This kid's cryin' , man .	6
And in a fit of anger , I told her that our being together , our rekindled romance , was a big mistake .	6
What a lively sense of humour .	5
I think an apology ...	6
That's not gonna happen !	1
That's very sweet of you .	5
She can't know we're nuns ! Why not ? What if [PERSON] and [PERSON] find her ?	4
Your Honor , isn't that a question for the jury ?	1
Take your hands off me !	1
Finally lifted the spell !	5
At least they can dream .	5
Get on !	1
I don't think I've ever been so thrilled in my life .	5
Let's put him on the payroll .	1
Where'd you get the money ?	7
For God's sake , shut that up !	1
Hey , fuck you , man !	1
Yes , it is romantic .	5
Those girls ! Wild drivers , sports cars !	5
You think it's a good idea to hand me an ax right now ?	1
Can you get me in to see the Governor ?	2
Up yours !	1
Oh , and I need a can of Maxwell House .	2
Find out which of the creeps she put away is out on parole .	3
That's why you and [PERSON] were special .	8
Well , I find in a moment of anger follows a thousand nights of sorrow .	6
The front controls seem to be all right .	8
That name's kinda familiar , ain't it , Mink ?	7
Christ . What a dump .	3
Yeah , it probably is too .	8
What are you talking about ? She doesn't have a twin sister .	1
So are you , but I admit it openly .	1
It's a miracle they lasted as long as they did .	7
Listen , my folks is important people in [LOCATION] .	1
It's just the beginning .	1
We are presenting a performance .	2
OK , we'll give them a hand .	8
What do you dream about ?	3
Aw , [PERSON] , now what ?	3
Oh no . Shit ! [PERSON] !	4
And at the end of the happy day he is slaughtered jolly with a knife .	2
End of the line , asshole .	1
Let's get married .	2
My life is a surprise .	7
And you've been resenting me .	6
I think a [PERSON] would be good enough .	8
I set up a lunch for you at The [PERSON] .	2
You know how much I enjoy your high style of playing .	8
Who ordered this ? - The gentleman did .	7
Oh , God . Where's my wimple ?	4
Had to do all this myself ...	1
Give the bitch to me .	3
The officers of the [PERSON] in happy celebration .	5
Don't get too used to those long lunches .	3
I assume you can prove that if necessary .	8
Well , that wasn't very nice .	7
You'll soon be in [LOCATION] now .	2
Keep to your seat .	1
He may not be able to use a spoon .	2
Everybody ready ?	2
Who was the clown ?	2
What's wrong with my eyes ?	4
They must have picked the prize dummy .	3
You made a mistake , that's all .	8
Please , I'll go to the old ladies ' home if you don't do something .	4
Green pastures await the tired sinner , and honey flows like water .	2
What a wuss !	1
Smell that , [PERSON] ?	2
He laid me out , strung me up and then ...	3
Wherever you got that specimen from , Doctor ... You sent it to the chemist ... While you were secretly communicating with Mr. [PERSON] ...	3
Don't point that fucking thing at me . Take it off .	1
One of my favorite spots .	8
[LOCATION] has always been able to crack your neck .	1
You've failed .	1
I lost my head for a moment , but I couldn't help it .	6
There is an American on board .	1
This morning they read that an incompetent clown had arrived , parading like a member of the Senate .	3
Oh , I'm awfully sorry , everybody .	6
We have to leave ! Either on a plane to [LOCATION] , or feet first !	2
We are happy to take this opportunity ...	5
Bring her in later .	1
I'm gonna vomit .	3
How much longer do you think your country will last ?	4
Where are you , [PERSON] ?	2
l pumped your stomach . Oh , God .	4
I wan na go to [LOCATION] .	2
I'm terribly sorry .	6
Hey , that's got a nice ring to it , kid .	5
Give encouragement to our lives .	8
How may times do I have to tell you ?	1
I guess since I'm here , I got no choice , huh ?	4
I'm gonna cut you a little slack .	8
Gather around , me buckoes , and feast your eyes on this .	2
Awkward ass .	3
Nice to meet you .	5
Please ... No ...	4
I'm pretty sure I didn't kill anyone for it .	8
and on my wedding night , to wait for him with my heart full of love .	2
Look at us . You feel cursed because you were born with it .	3
I'm afraid the press has been alerted to your mother's presence here ... - ... and her arrest . - Oh , great .	3
Your idea of a chance at him was uncorroborated statements from an informant who was doing hard time and who would sell his own mother to get his sentence reduced .	1
This starved duck ?	3
Sweetheart , don't get personal .	6
I've called you dozens of times .	1
The little people identify with you .	5
I said some bad things about the boy , but we can explain that to the exuberance and excitement of youth , because he's certainly changed his ways now .	5
It's over , [PERSON] .	6
Your whore .	1
Something's wrong here .	4
Maybe you'll buy me a couple of drinks .	2
Thirsty , [LOCATION] ?	8
How long do you think we'll have to stay in this hellhole ?	3
He can't be there !	1
Hit him !	1
Can -- I was gonna ask you if I could give it to you ?	6
Come on , honey .	1
Well ? Where have you been ? Don't tell me you tried to call me back , because I know you did not .	1
The Secretary of State is here . Madam Secretary .	2
I think sister [PERSON] would be much better at it than me .	4
What's it to you ?	1
[PERSON] , [PERSON] , it's Trubel !	2
I haven't seen you for days .	7
I want to get out of there right now .	4
Mr [PERSON] , sir ?	4
No , I don't love you .	6
God , this is a list of questions that could unlock all the Sov military secrets and win the arms race at a stroke :	7
We were so very sorry about your father .	6
I think my dog's escaping .	4
And so do you consider yourself human ?	2
I'm not getting any younger !	2
Shot her , right outta the sky .	6
You're the very animals I was coming to see !	3
You said it's never been done in the history of the DA's office .	2
Too many of those candied doughnuts .	3
I didn't ask you .	1
And I do have a plan .	8
Move it !	1
I'll give it back to you in the morning .	8
Aren't you going to ask me to sit down ?	7
I get twice the work done around here . - You know why ?	1
What do you see in this one ?	2
You can't go around hurting people like that , Comrade [PERSON] .	1
They're coming to get you , Barbara.[LOCATION] ,	2
Didn't you understand that ?	7
You do it again , and you lose a limb .	1
Driver , I'm a little disappointed in you !	1
What's up ? What happened ?	4
You are everything I would want as my wife .	8
It was a nightmare .	4
[LOCATION] , [LOCATION] as far east as the Urals ... then the [LOCATION] , to the north , to the south ... west to the [LOCATION] , over the [LOCATION] to [LOCATION] and the Indies ... will our empire spread .	2
Twelve to fifteen percent of the kids we serve were victims of human trafficking .	6
Not another word !	1
Better make it tomorrow .	2
And every single one of those memories that you're so desperate to pry out of his damaged brain can turn him right back into it .	3
We're safe from all kinds of birdies .	5
His foolish involvement with Lady forgotten [PERSON] ...	1
I wish I could stay .	6
But it'll look great on you .	2
Now you've had it !	1
My dear , I've never denied you anything that was in my power to give .	8
You reckon this'll make the colonel happy ?	2
But the man I'm in love with doesn't .	6
You don't give a shit about him .	3
Yeah , everything's great .	5
On the other hand , they do have some rather nasty habits .	3
All right , boys and girls , come on out .	2
Do you know the meaning of love , professor ?	2
The mess boys ate the strawberries .	1
That isn't exactly living it up .	3
You're in no condition to discuss it .	1
We'll terrorise the whole state .	1
[LOCATION]'s been fatal to every commander who risked his fortune there .	4
That , my boy , is much more to the point .	8
Clearly , you're not like everyone else .	8
Yeah , do you mind ?	1
I'm glad you liked it .	5
So , now I'm supposed to roll over like a bitch dog getting my belly scratched ?	3
You needn't worry .	8
Complete reversal of usual behaviour pattern .	7
Sit back .	1
or jeopardized our sources and methods .  	1
Let me have those things .	2
I wanted to congratulate you .	8
All of you !	7
Look what's in the street .	2
Disappear .	3
If I was you , I would upload your ad onto YouTube and show them who the real genius is around here .	1
I do not know who he brings .	2
This line of questioning doesn't seem particularly relevant .	1
Get a message off to [LOCATION] .	8
You've come home .	7
Careful !	4
A place to belong .	8
Make me look good .	8
I could smell it the first day you were born .	2
Yes ? - The keys !	4
Whiskey .	5
By having all the secrecy and refusing to set up any kind of diplomatic protocols as I know that you have called for and I believe in very strongly .	6
You never told me your father was ...	7
Without you , [PERSON] .	6
Did anybody ever tell you that you smell like the future ?	5
[PERSON] , are you sure about that ?	8
Very nice , very nice .	5
Where's the lady ?	2
I start to realize I got a chance to make amends .	8
Never forget that Satan constantly surrounds us , With but one goal in mind ...	2
They believe they're destined for great things , just like many of you .	2
It's a great philosophy .	5
What did you tell him about you and Ms. [PERSON] ?	4
You'll never deceive the people again !	1
I want you to know that I hate your fucking guts .	3
I want to find out about this place .	2
Acknowledge , over .	1
I love this guy !	5
Glorious , aren't they ?	5
I can not fight .	4
Cease fire !	1
Can you still keep going on ?	4
Won't those two years in court be expensive for you ?	7
You didn't get it , [PERSON] .	3
Why did you do it ?	6
They can't get us in Hole in the Wall .	1
[PERSON] päätti ottaa teidät [PERSON] tilalle ? , Why didn't you tell me ?	1
I've got to go to [LOCATION] , first plane .	6
You can not rent a prince .	1
It doesn't happen often these days .	6
I knew there was treasure down here !	5
Good .	8
Have a drink with the unwashed .	3
How about some great , big , triple - A , jumbo eagle eggs ?	2
We're gonna end you ...  And all this ... 	1
Yeah , I'm just waiting for the taxi .	2
To some very interesting Armenian food .	2
It is time to fight .	1
They were a little stupid .	1
I said it , damn you .	1
But I told you never to fight a street fighter fight .	3
I don't claim to be some kind of brilliant psychologist .	1
I sure couldn't tell you .	8
She danced like an angel .	5
Your mom said I had to bring you over that night , even though it was late .	2
You frightened me .	4
Cut out all that talking , [PERSON] .	1
A man died from looking at his wife .	4
And I want to thank you for making me join the Army .	8
Hit the brakes !	4
You know , you can't actually think .	1
You found courage .	8
Except you'll look better in 'em .	5
Well , for starters , you can give me an update .	1
Can you play the balalaika ? Can she play ?	2
But since you insist on being treated as one , I have no choice but to oblige you .	1
You'll need more than just two of us .	8
For once in my life , I'm telling --	1
Certain camps where the men aren't paid enough or fed enough or protected against disease enough .	6
You can count on that .	8
And when I'm dead on the altar of my country , I hope your conscience irks you .	3
Shit .	1
Volunteered ?	2
What's killing all the children ?	4
But you make one slip , just one and we'll see how long you survive in my cage .	1
Because Dad used to tell me [PERSON] was the finest man he ever knew .	8
Can't you find me a key ?	8
Oh , I'm fine .	2
I'm the funny one .	8
We don't belong here .	6
OK , but it's the last time I set foot in this house .	8
Are you coming to the theater ?	2
What are you doing with my uncle's briefcase ?	7
It was certainly a heart attack !	6
Won't you tell us all about it ?	2
Think God punishes the King to have a French whore .	1
This is hard enough .	4
They made you one of them , you can do the same for me .	2
Doesn't it blow your mind ?	2
We have lots of little problems like this .	3
Be a good , brave boy , Sir [PERSON] .	8
Stop the whore .	3
I'm glad to hear that .	5
Come on , [PERSON] . This is no place for a clergyman's son .	1
Heavens ' name !	7
What do I do now ?	2
[PERSON] , I don't think it'd be so bad if I taught him how to throw a few ...	1
Maybe they can take us .	2
Art here saw her fighting him off .	1
You've finished the whole investigation ?	7
I told him not to expect me to pull the [PERSON] into shape overnight .	1
I've been looking everywhere for you .	7
I think it's a splendid idea .	5
My return to consciousness was a plunge into a new level of pain .	6
You see the moon out there ?	2
How much longer do we have to wait ?	1
But I shouldn't have left like that . I'm sorry .	8
You don't like me very much , do you ?	6
There's a village back there , and you know they got some girls there that would just --	2
When he held me , it wasn't the way a father should hold a daughter .	6
You must rebuild what you've destroyed .	6
Oh , just things that little girls dream about .	3
My gang !	8
We , the hunted , will now hunt !	1
Well , then I shall value it all the more .	5
I still need it when I'm afraid , like a baby who needs a light on in the dark .	8
It ain't safe to go that way ...	4
This must be difficult , your life changing so drastically .	6
Why can't I say it ?	7
I'll talk to him .	8
I'll take you back and dump you .	1
Come on . Go , just go .	1
What's this Chicken Volavent ?	7
Let me go !	1
Somebody threw a fucking tyre chain , hit him right in the mouth .	4
But what's wrong with Sister [PERSON]'s habit ?	7
Even if they got lost somewhere .	4
Hey , you told me the only way you survive is because you're a team .	1
Now's not a good time .	6
Their mandate , repeat , their mandate , is to lie , deny , and deceive .	1
You can do it .	8
You ain't gonna get nobody to come out here .	1
We'll be OK .	8
If we could get the poor kids off the streets for a few months every summer and let them learn something about nature and American ideals .	2
Got a chance of a job there ?	2
Don't try and tell me the runway's too short .	1
Ten percent of your action be enough for anyone .	8
Oh , God .	4
I understand this is a difficult decision but there are human lives at stake , and if help arrives ,	2
If you don't give me my $ 200 , I'm going to tell a policeman how you got it and he'll make you give it to me , 'cause it's mine .	1
I can see by the way you dress you don't care a hoot how you look .	3
Even so , quite wrong to threaten . Not the way to treat an enlisted man .	1
Will you get that freaking nut job off my back ?	1
But I believe what the prosecutor said .	8
I can throw this knife pretty good .	5
We're old friends .	8
That's two accidents in a week .	4
The point is , you give the guy money , he jumps into bed .	1
What you're dealing with is over your head .	1
You love your brother ?	3
I didn't recognize you standing up .	7
You know why I didn't hire you back then ?	8
[PERSON] , they'll kill you too .	4
We're not gonna forfeit .	1
Not a fucking dent !	1
Did you write me that letter or not ?	1
Aw , jeez ! Look at these guys .	5
We mustn't forget we wasted a month through an unfortunate disagreement for which I was not to blame .	3
I'm sure I can do it .	5
Fuck it !	1
Oysters are out of season .	3
Now , then I find myself in [LOCATION] with no money .	6
Monsters devouring human flesh .	1
Who was killed ?	2
My little [PERSON] .	8
I hate jumping out of a perfectly good airplane .	1
Oscar , the phone !	1
You folks have a nice trip .	5
You can put that away .	1
The Beauty queen [PERSON] ?	1
You took [PERSON]'s body .	3
You got ta settle down or you're gonna wake him up .	8
But no , you had to be your stupid , stubborn , son of a bitch self .	1
If I take the Fifth and refuse to testify before the grand jury ... It could destroy my reputation .	4
That's all ?	7
You're going bald too .	6
Welcome .	8
They're lovely .	5
I want to meet my mother .	2
On your head ? She hurt my head .	7
Next time , I'll wipe 'em on you .	1
I don't understand it and I don't like it .	1
I couldn't take my eyes off of that girl and her baby .	5
Where is [PERSON] ? !	7
I know some French talk .	8
Don't tell me you're embarrassed ?	7
The princess has been acting very strangely .	7
I don't wan na go back .	6
I've thought this out very carefully and I know what I'm gonna do .	8
Ever since Case took over the firm .	1
Don't you guys think that'll do it ?	4
Boy , you should have been there .	5
I only hate you and despise you .	3
I saw an ad for a young lady that looked like she could have been or at least once a week .	6
But our kid will have a loving mother and father , and all the advantages that I can give him .	8
That's him right there !	2
How many other generals can boast the favor and support of a leader ... so gifted in the arts of war ?	8
Then go find that guy with the arm .	2
Then the [PERSON] and everybody in it could be destroyed .	4
He's not without experience , you know .	8
Hey , you can not reject me .	1
We haven't enough fuel to hold the keel down .	4
In my estimation , gentlemen , [PERSON] is no risk .	8
How did you get here ?	7
See you soon .	2
Captain , back the starboard engine !	4
I think it's a setup . This man ...	8
You made a mistake I'm not [PERSON] !	4
He's a beautiful kid .	5
I was amazed at his violent reaction until the evidence came to me that he owned those very 200 , acres .	7
It's not [LOCATION] .	1
Come on , Mr. [PERSON] . Really .	1
Man , I always thought it was the mezcal talking , but after seeing this , I think he was right .	8
It can not sit down in wet cushions .	3
How come you adopted me ?	2
For a moment , I thought you were a man .	3
It's something I couldn't discuss with anyone .	4
She eats !	7
I noticed an enormous difference between [PERSON]'s projected figures and the ones off the extro - budget in the [LOCATION] market .	7
So some of the guys've been wondering if you are who you say you are .	2
We all deserve better !	1
You don't even have a yellow thing and your green thing is brown .	3
A lot of you incumbents will be in danger of losing your seats .	1
I'm gonna do it again .	8
A guy like me should never be allowed to get in here in the first place !	6
Lord [PERSON] ! Lord [PERSON] ! Lord [PERSON] !	7
Dr. [PERSON] , I am waiting for your reply .	2
Isn't it hideously plain to the naked eye I'm in love with you ?	1
We liked the same guy , but I liked him more , Would you back off ?	1
It's not your fault the plane landed in [LOCATION] .	6
We'll have him watched from now until the day he sails .	1
We're going to fix that .	8
He could speak out on environmental issues .	2
I wiped the fingerprints , do not worry .	8
You don't like me , do you ?	6
You looking for a fight ? You looking for a rush ?	1
They tried to protect us from the world because we were different .	8
Very nice .	1
Ladies , it's OK with me .	5
A good - looking girl like you ?	7
And that , that caused me to do the most dumb - ass thing I've ever done in my life .	3
We are happy !	5
You can't blame them , can you ?	6
Get out ! If you don't get out , I'm gonna go !	1
This is ridiculous .	1
There never was any love lost between us .	5
I don't know why he gets so worked up over unimportant things .	1
Yes , sir , I still have the scars .	6
It's funny .	5
Mr. [PERSON] , there's a message from Mr. [PERSON] .	8
Gentlemen , gentlemen . You don't understand .	8
Can't anyone love me without it being life or death to them ?	6
He leveraged himself up to his eyeballs . The investments didn't work out ... He got himself in serious debt .	3
gonna be some hard times coming down .	6
After them ... slowly !	1
See , Congress is no different than the rest of the country .	1
Now !	1
Don't even breathe !	1
You are defeated but you have no shame .	3
You are my home .	8
Well , for god's sake , it's my account .	1
Hustled her off in a chopper .	1
The thing is , [PERSON] , we lost a little time .	4
Comes up smelling ' like a rose every time .	5
You know , the four fragile fingers , and the long arm , real short joint .	1
Y - You mean we're gettin' off this submarine ?	4
It's the blood , bone and sinew of this democracy that great men handed down to the human race !	1
God damn , I better not see her naked on payday .	3
Do your friends put money in your pocket , [PERSON] ?	3
You know I've never been able to give you very much .	6
An acquaintance of mine stole classified documents from the NSA and took off to [LOCATION] .	6
I'm getting off at the next stop . That's impossible .	2
For far too long .	3
That's a sign you must be pretty happy .	5
[PERSON] never seemed worried about anything like that .	7
And you know what ? They offered us a job .	7
Just this once , [PERSON] , why don't you empty your own ashtrays ?	1
All right . Set up a meeting . I'll hear them all out .	2
[PERSON] , baby .	5
I don't want to .	1
It hurts !	1
Now , this is as good a time as any , [PERSON] , to get our relationship straight once and for all .	1
Is it not fortunate , for instance , that I own the newspapers in my country ?	5
Sir , I want to see what whaling is like .	2
Päiväsi on lopussa	6
Of course , sir .	8
When the world is ready ... for a new and better life ... All this will someday come to pass ...	2
You're in charge , sir .	8
He's in on it , sir .	8
Fuck you !	1
How can I ?	6
Simply stated , [PERSON] , it means that you have suffered damage to the brain .	6
I am speaking strictly , [PERSON] .	1
You know this guy ? - Yeah .	7
If we trust the motive , we trust the man .	8
Here's another mystery for you to solve :	2
Can you tell us why you elected not to go back in and blow up the missiles , Lieutenant ?	1
Madam President , people will die .	4
Don't you want more cashews , Grandpa ?	5
Look , I'm trying to find a number of [PERSON] , in King's Cross .	1
You listen to me .	1
You committed the perfect crime .	8
Seven passengers and two crewmen were killed .	6
Right with you , Shooter .	8
So now they're best friends ?	2
She does not dance no more ?	7
Follow me !	2
But they were lights , they were flying around .	7
I brought you something to drink .	8
Cheerful sort of a bloke .	5
Here , we'll take care of this .	8
Clang had the whole temple transported here for your sacrifice .	1
He struck you ?	7
You know who that was , Kid ?	8
You're kinda that type yourself .	1
Oh , come on , it's just a joke .	7
Can not afford a dowry to each of his daughters .	6
So this is what it's gonna be , huh ?	1
Give me a call when you get this .	2
They are all happy all the time .	5
You are a mutant .	3
I wouldn't think of such a thing !	7
I'm sorry to hear that , Lady Fingers .	6
He's a male chauvinist .	3
Thirty years in this fucking office .	1
Are you sure it's him ?	4
l got lost .	6
This isn't a temple , is it ?	2
May I ask what you're planning ?	4
Apparently any mother , even a bad one , is better than none .	3
It isn't like it used to be .	6
Enjoy your stay in [LOCATION] .	2
Don't walk away from me .	1
Excuse me , I'm looking for a man .	1
The less the girl hears , the better .	4
No , [PERSON] !	7
Who's the dame ?	2
No ! Windy !	4
You just made it up .	1
You tryin' to adopt a kid ?	7
The whole thing's a fake .	3
Go on . - Go on . Yeah .	5
You're beautiful , [PERSON] , but sometimes you have the bad breath of priests .	3
First things first . Wait , I got it .	5
You heard what she said .	1
I am looking for blue jeans .	2
Really !	7
There's not much we can do .	6
Every one of them terrible .	1
You look like somebody who can take care of herself .	5
Come on out , you bastards !	3
Those dopes are trying to crack open the safe .	3
Bury them for 24 , hours , give me time !	1
This is great !	5
I'd say the odds against a successful escape are 100 , to one .	4
Oh , my gosh !	7
What the hell are you doing ? - [PERSON] !	1
You have to go on the road and I have to go through what I'm going through .	6
You will order your officers to work .	1
The way I understand it , you know [PERSON] better than anyone .	8
l needed him alive !	4
I'll make [LOCATION] look like a little place where the monks live .	1
I'm sorry for you .	6
I fear really fear for the future .	4
I got my coat back !	5
I thought you said that they transferred him .	1
I remember being at the courthouse , and there were people outside holding signs and I thought , you know , how cool to have all this support .	5
So long , suckers !	3
You wrote me letters ?	7
Come off a rumble , we'd beat the shit out of a gang .	1
That's a good idea .	8
I just want to have my shipyard .	1
Then , unless you want to spend the next 20 , years of your life in prison , you will do exactly what I tell you , when I tell you .	1
Your observations will greatly influence public opinion ,	8
And were you not told the same thing by his wife ?	7
It's so remote I thought I would ... be safe there . I figured no one could find me .	6
Hey , look at me !	1
Excuse me ?	7
You did or did not get those records ? - I did not .	6
Splendid .	5
You think I'm dumb enough to give myself up to the T - men ?	1
Soon as we get to [PERSON]'s , we'll sleep then .	2
If not , get the fuck off my car !	1
And you're remembered not for the winning , but because you never lost .	8
It's interesting .	2
There are some in leadership whose time has come and gone . Look ...	3
I get to never see my parents again or my loved ones .	6
Now , you got any more smart talk ?	3
Well , I've been trying to reach him all day .	1
You must get lonely .	6
My favourite colour's blue .	5
Don't you think it's funny ?	7
Aye , sir .	8
Please , Lieutenant .	8
All right , you guys , come on .	2
I don't believe it !	1
If we quit , some Federal judge take away your money .	4
Let's just time [PERSON] as he comes charging to the rescue ! - What's going on here ?	7
don't let it get you down .	8
What do you make of that ?	2
So , I'm gonna call her back , and you are going to apologize .	1
I see you're as adept at breaking into houses as you are into cars , [PERSON] .	8
Come on , come on , come on .	1
He's sure gonna think the worst .	6
I'm going to take this directly to [PERSON] .	2
Why don't you kill him .	1
No ! I don't know [PERSON] , I swear .	4
And for [PERSON] .	8
What is your work ?	2
Why is he letting him go ?	7
We've got gas , where do we go ?	2
He should have been here by now .	4
What are you guys , a bunch of cripples ?	3
I'll need help bathing and changing .	8
Looking forward to it , I might say .	2
Excuse me , sir . What about your meal ?	4
Uh , I'm late for a meeting .	7
I love Russians .	5
Did you ever wan na sleep with a man ?	7
There's no way I can have this kind of exposure .	6
It took me seven years , but I got him !	5
But I always thought little stenographers made little pennies .	7
I'm pleased to meet you , ugly wop son of a bitch .	3
Is that intelligent banking ?	3
I want you to applying for my son .	2
If I had to do it again , I'd do it .	8
This makes !	5
st Louisiana Cavalry .	1
And we think it's actually their job and they're not doing it .	1
I decided to change all : our life , our home . I'll start here in [LOCATION] , in your so cold and dreary palace , ... With new furniture and paintings ,	2
Why did you do it , [PERSON] ?	7
Melancholy sight .	6
He didn't like it .	6
You win this race , and you'll get three years ' pay .	8
What do you think is right ?	2
Are you going to look for gold ?	2
I need to know if this is what you want .	2
It means we can get back before [PERSON] gets home .	2
So that's what those things are for .	7
We're the minorities , man .	6
Who were you expecting ?	7
If I use my last wish ...	2
My face and my body have aged .	6
We need an IV right now !	7
We mustn't stop .	4
I can't stand it here any longer .	1
Get ready .	2
To the loveliest story I ever heard .	5
Bad guys are long gone .	8
You're a fool .	1
Did you know there was a razorback in my truck ?	2
We shot with it .	8
I'm going to see if I can talk to that young girl .	2
Well , you know , I thought we was supposed to be like ...	4
So I'm gonna be sayin' good night .	6
It's not like you let me do anything anyway .	1
Yesterday I was greatly amazed when I came from the market ... and found you'd made your bed , sir .	7
That was some road trip .	7
Bloody marvellous .	5
Are we in danger ?	4
Did you do it ?	7
Almost .	6
My poor person [PERSON] .	6
I'm sorry to disturb you .	6
See ?	2
There's going to be an awful lot of red faces if this policeman does his duty .	3
I knew someone would get killed , but nobody listened .	1
They'd never find me .	1
Man your battle stations !	2
If you bleed , you'll get an infection .	4
You're not talking to this guy .	3
You're nothing but a mad scientist !	1
Go [PERSON] !	8
You really and truly are a perfect bastard .	3
Very well , I won't pry into trade secrets .	8
With my hand out , not in million years .	3
Uh , make sure you bring it back .	8
I'll bet in no time , we could have a whole new car and everything .	2
They want a president they know .	8
Let's not think about [PERSON] or anything sad right now .	5
You get to be the mayor who cleaned up [LOCATION] .	2
It hurts a little .	6
All stations ready . Prepare for diving .	2
I'm not interested in what you think .	1
How did you get in here ?	7
And that they wouldn't hold Backpage responsible was very disturbing to me .	1
l had a dream that I was drowning .	2
I've got Scotch , I've got vodka , there's a nice Chablis ...	2
She's very unhappy .	6
They'll get her out for you .	8
You haven't got the balls to boycott me .	3
My heart soars like a hawk .	5
We'll just drain the pollywogs out and save the grog .	2
[PERSON] , you're a wonderful egg .	5
In the end , we would be masters of a wrecked and hungry planet .	6
Were you in them riots ?	1
He got what he wanted .	7
I'll respect you even more .	8
Did you say Army ?	2
What do you want , Cat ?	1
I'd want to pay you both .	8
In a few months , I will become a citizen .	2
Supposing I don't tell you ?	1
She's not taking that .	7
What are you spying on ?	8
Mr [PERSON] , it's contempt of court to refuse to answer questions .	1
I was gonna have to stab up that lanky prick for trying to take my package anyway .	1
No , not perhaps  . 	6
Yes , I was always afraid as a child .	6
You letting this joker give orders ?	3
You injured your knee in a game .	4
There was this one time , it was just me and of these ferocious , mouse - eating dingoes .	2
You weren't on the team the last time we beat you .	7
Don't give us hunches .	6
It's a liability .	6
I'm sorry , sir .	6
The red blood lust ! What else could it be ?	1
I must be going senile .	6
Ms. [PERSON] ... everybody has a secret face .	7
Now , I don't date teenagers .	3
ESP exists , [PERSON] . They proved it .	5
We believe what the gods did when they made a man crazy was ... make him fall in love .	8
In hours every hit man in [LOCATION] will be here . I seriously doubt that .	4
She may be the next first lady .	2
Schizo , I wanted to meet him ...	2
Me three .	8
I can't hold the wheel .	6
It's been over a week you've been gone .	7
Get naked and tell me the truth about my money .	3
But they're all dead .	4
We expected you to come in here with a plan .	1
[PERSON] , give me a break , will you ?	1
Your mom's not a giver - upper .	8
You've murdered a human being !	3
Let's find something to eat .	2
A traitor !	1
I am glad you are better .	5
No , you done me a nice little favour doing that there .	5
You youngsters , be quiet .	1
I just had the weirdest dream .	7
They'll be behind these desks some day .	2
I can't take any more of it .	6
You should try it .	2
That's what I do .	8
Night !	2
Chill or die , asshole .	1
I just hate to see a good man go to waste .	6
I think I hurt him .	6
I'll release them .	2
The Feds found the lake house !	4
You just give us the word .	8
You might be able to find something out there alone .	8
Let's shove off !	1
Christ . I don't know what you've been up to , but [PERSON] is pissing fire .	1
Oh , you got me . - That better ?	7
Jerk . Two years away from retirement .	3
But I'm always going to be a killer .	1
You're probably not interested .	2
Bullshit .	1
[PERSON] , we've got to talk first .	2
Have courage , princess .	8
She always ruins everything .	1
Listen , I know it's last minute ... but I wan na ask you , are you free tonight ?	2
The dead are being reactivated by forces unknown .	4
What's on your mind tonight ?	2
He's of no use to no one , including himself .	1
His Majesty is very demanding .	1
Thanks , fellas .	8
Was it a cop ?	7
The fish that got away is always the biggest one .	6
I can always buy support .	8
Don't worry , Mama , we'll find them .	8
No one else is heeding it .	6
That's brilliant . [PERSON] .	8
What goes on ?	3
How can you ask me that ?	7
Tonight we'll meet our contacts .	2
What's an angel ?	1
I'll cover you .	8
You take care of the details .	8
Where do you think I've been ?	1
There are demons in the court so I must get involved in affairs of state	2
How are you guys ?	1
Advise me of any further messages .	2
I was very angry with him .	1
Go on . Get the hell out of here .	1
OK . All right . You win .	1
That's right , babies .	2
I had such a good time .	5
Come and sit down .	2
Then we can't let him get away again .	1
You certainly are !	1
Wait for me !	5
I'd sink this ship with all hands before I'd serve him .	3
Mistakes can always be corrected	5
I unfortunately have to say that [PERSON]'s legal strategy has been very effective .	1
Do you want a beer or something ?	8
How do you smell so good in a hospital ?	5
Is that what they taught you at Yale Law School ?	3
I'm gettin' me a gun , some liquor and a gold commissioner .	2
Don't bother explaining	8
I've never before known anyone who was really brave .	6
Yes , but that doesn't ...	6
Shut up and get your ass here !	1
We're all old friends .	5
I tormented you with an old hatred that's no longer real .	6
You got to kill him , [PERSON] , now !	1
I was hoping you'd be spared all this .	6
All right . Nobody move .	4
You're not thinking what I think you're thinking , are you ?	8
He's come for the king . - You snake !	3
We are all of us caught up in the suspense of this horror fiction .	4
Although I think it's a very fine [PERSON] .	5
I'll shoot the son of a bitch in the balls !	3
Yes , should to kill .	1
In the ring , it's like all I see is him .	2
Help ! - Hello ...	4
See you Monday on the train .	2
What is wrong with you ? Come on !	1
l can't stand this shit . - Hey , [PERSON] , please .	1
But if it's straight - up one - to - one you want , then I'm your man .	8
Could you show me where they are ?	8
Pardon me , are you an explorer ?	7
I'm not hiding from anybody or anything !	1
I always think that he was once somebody's baby boy .	6
Nobody likes a whiner .	3
I'll call your and raise you ... .	8
I said part of me  . 	1
I'm attacked from all sides !	4
Now , don't worry , darling , we understand perfectly .	5
Irritating little sod .	3
Oh , this place is such a mess .	3
Are you looking at my hands ?	1
He talks about the great lie  . 	6
( giggles ) oh , you don't .	8
I would do anything for the woman that I love .	8
I was so worried that ...	4
The reason Congress enacted Section in the first place was because of a lawsuit filed by [PERSON] , the boiler - room securities operation founded by [PERSON] , better known as The Wolf of Wall Street .	1
I've never had anyone make me feel as cheap as you did today .	1
You'll regret this !	1
How good to see you !	5
Show me how to punish Perseus for this blasphemy !	3
Are you sure it was there ?	7
Did I hear Lieutenant Junior Grade  ? 	1
I am also concerned about the misinformation about nuclear waste .	4
Maybe she has a sister .	2
You think he'll be all right ?	4
This is from all of us .	5
You might be an interesting subject of study .	2
We don't like him .	1
So , how hot are my girlfriend's new jeans ?	2
I told you that swords are too dangerous !	1
It's a train robbery .	4
I never bet when I'm sure I'm right .	5
Was that you ?	1
Some of you think you can outsmart me .	8
What a comeback , [PERSON] ventura !	7
I apologise for his appointment .	6
Big time hurt ! Back !	1
Am I okay ? Everybody's worried sick about you .	1
Hey , it's another delightful day here in vacation land .	5
[PERSON] had a great time .	5
You deserve a nice , clean place .	8
What's the action ?	2
Recent results are all positive .	5
If you want Mr. [PERSON] to leave this house alive you must convince him you're healthy and happy .	1
♪ The bright blessed day ♪	5
What if [PERSON] should overhear you ?	4
Apollo won't know what hit him .	2
Call Dr [PERSON] .	4
The thing is safe .	8
Does the clown work for [PERSON] too ?	3
I was too late .	6
Twenty - four , maybe even twenty - five years .	4
Isn't the reverse possible ?	2
My dear , he is attractive , isn't he ?	5
I have all this money , and no dress .	6
I'm impressed . Go ahead , detective sergeant .	8
I've been taking these pills for my cold and they knock me out .	6
I'll make friends and enemies to please myself .	1
She seems very unusual . - Yeah .	3
Come on , stranger , hop in .	8
Now no political arguments .	1
You've got to come out .	2
I thought you said something .	7
Go on , get !	8
Let me get another .	2
I was plenty scared .	4
How did you find me ?	6
No harm at all , mate .	5
You help me and I'll make you rich .	8
Miss , you can be quite sure that I shall report this to the proper authorities .	1
So we might as well have a good time .	5
There was a group that helped criminals get guns so they could shoot citizens .	3
He shouldn't be a cop .	6
All the best fools come from [LOCATION] but only a greater fool would go there . 	3
I haven't the data yet .	6
[PERSON] , don't you have your own secretary ?	7
That isn't enough .	1
No good asking you !	1
Every day it was worse .	4
You leave that door open !	1
Then you'll get rid of me .	4
It's fucking embarrassing .	1
You get off wearing women's clothing ?	7
You , too , think I am too old , too ugly for a man to look upon with love .	6
Get out of town !	1
Mills and [PERSON] won't last much longer .	6
I don't care what she looks like . I don't like the company she keeps .	3
I don't dance well .	6
Check 'em out next time you're in court -- little looks between 'em , smiles .	2
Midship damage control won't answer .	4
Not until I've made you laugh at least once .	2
In other words , these guys got to get out of their ivory towers .	1
I have lots of things to attend to today , [PERSON] .	2
How long is your program ?	2
Many hands went into creating [PERSON] .	5
Excuse me your highnesses , but you're going to be late , And this restaurant recipe begs to order .	2
So , come on , give me the gun .	1
I mean , this is the Supreme Court .	1
cause snakes are scary .	4
[PERSON] , get a load of this .	2
You take a rest now .	8
Thank you , High Priest !	5
She wouldn't leave us here without one word from her except bare dispatches .	3
We'll blow it open .	1
We'd like to welcome you to [LOCATION] , the country that is more stimulating than a strong cup of cappuccino or an espresso enema .	2
But he's the best cameraman I know .	8
And a pretty good day for split pea soup .	5
Don't kid yourself .	1
Okay , we'll be in touch .	2
Well , we'll find out . When she's about to be convicted and I offer her a deal .	2
He should come out of it any moment .	2
I also understand that I care very much what happens to you .	8
I can't wait to see that [PERSON] .	2
I want my baby back .	4
But problems don't just go , [PERSON] , you know ?	6
You go for the piano for the first month .	7
Then , when you've recovered your strength , we'll discuss the plan .	8
Sometimes , as I'm falling asleep I can feel him breathing on my face and touching me with his hand .	6
Since -- what ?	1
Can you get up now , pal ?	8
Nothing . Nothing .	6
I don't think so .	1
Do you have any idea when it'll be ready ?	2
I'll get a lock on my door and keep your ass out of here , [PERSON] .	1
If not [PERSON] , who is it ?	7
Which one of you killed my dog ?	3
I am sick and tired of this contemptible young man !	3
I don't deny that you might have a case .	8
See you later .	2
This will make a fine heroic poem , you know .	5
By Tuesday , everyone in the state will know you .	2
How can you be so mean ?	3
Here , faster , before the planes are back .	4
We're going to ... - , get out of there !	1
Weren't your parents coming tonight ?	2
Everything is so wonderful .	5
Man , you beat the best .	8
Of course I'm sweating , you moron .	3
He wants to give you all his support .	8
I'm leaving you , my dear .	6
It ties up with their maximum effort to defend that island .	8
Can I count on you ?	2
Pull yourself together and I'll let you go .	1
Maybe you guys could like you know , get a house and buy some diamonds and a horse . I don't know .	1
And I have accepted .	2
I'm obsolescing like this old straw - bottomed cruiser of ours .	6
Um , should I wait for you ? No , no .	7
There's no happiness like it .	5
You better look out , Mr. [PERSON] .	4
Early days yet , sir .	2
Satan's spirit flew right out of my TV set And into my soul .	1
For God's sake , June !	1
Do not think that I do not agree with everything you say , [PERSON] , but I. . .	1
That's rude .	3
The Lord don't hold with anybody that steals around planting time and he sure don't hold with anybody that steals and then lies and says he didn't .	3
He blows it .	1
Thank God .	5
Sorry , we're not about to try this case on the courthouse steps .	1
They took his coat .	6
I didn't say that .	1
If I give you a raft of it now over the phone , can you print it up and spread a billion copies of it ?	8
We'll be in touch .	1
Nero will wait , sweetie .	8
Still no word from [PERSON] ?	2
Sorry , [PERSON] , I didn't mean to scare you .	6
Why is she crying ?	6
It'll make you feel better .	8
Well , I suppose I should thank you .	8
Admiring the view , [PERSON] ?	5
I was hoping for a miracle , and it didn't happen .	6
Come on ! Try it out .	8
I see the monster .	4
I'll never forget what you've done .	8
All [LOCATION] is here to be in on the kill .	2
Oh , how can you tell that from here ?	7
You're contaminated .	4
I'm scared .	4
Jeanne ... Majesty .	1
And secure for sea . Aye , sir .	2
Are you so sure that [PERSON] will attack ?	7
We came to love him .	5
Do you know what will happen to me if the bridge is not ready in time ?	4
I'm gonna kill them .	1
We have a wonderful electric sign :	5
You like that Beaujolais don't you ?	2
Can it be that I'm falling in love with you ?	7
Something's wrong .	4
It would make me happy to be a grandmother , [PERSON] .	2
You're still an idiot .	3
She said she thought it was very thoughtful of me .	5
Been here long ?	2
I got ta jet . Really ?	3
What if I can't take it off ?	4
It's in a car outside .	8
That must be good .	5
That I'm going to be okay .	5
It's just that ... the breeding is no longer working .	4
Don't fight , [PERSON] .	1
Why ?	1
Don't take me like I'm some corner dealer !	1
Thank you . - You're welcome .	5
Come on , this is me you're talking to , [PERSON] ! Come on , [PERSON] .	1
Have dinner with me .	8
Well , really , you must do something about that memory of yours .	1
I'll be there .	8
We were drilled like little soldiers .	6
No , for [PERSON] and [PERSON] .	6
She hates me .	1
They were bred for degeneracy .	3
They liked each other immediately and got married ,	5
Shangri - la on dope .	5
Only a gourd - head would ask a stupid question like that .	3
Which , incidentally , the worst day of my life .	6
Told you not to call me that .	1
His Excellency's waiting for you !	2
I saved it all here Countess .	5
I mean , he makes a very fine officer .	8
If he made it , so can I !	5
Why don't you go start the car ?	2
What about you ?	2
[PERSON] -[PERSON] , we're safe !	5
You ready for some eggs and grits ?	2
What a nasty man .	3
You will hate me now .	6
What happened to your coat ?	7
Because I want to help people , sir .	2
Oh , he's the one who instigated this calamity !	1
We have a lot of good connections in [LOCATION] .	5
What the hell are you doing ?	1
So help me God .	4
Fucking cops always forget something .	1
You are all welcome to drink the bar dry .	5
What time's your bus ?	2
Can't you walk faster ?	1
Why don't you go sing something ?	2
You're much too smart , aren't you ?	3
Fuck , he's not dead !	7
Oh , and that's as it should be .	5
Relax .	1
Today !	2
Bitch !	1
This is a good omen , what ?	2
Ka - rumph ! We were smashed to port .	1
I'll call you as soon as I get there .	2
Keep your mouth shut !	1
Please , stop doing things .	1
Who sent you ? - Fuck you .	1
My brothers . sister . and I been moving from town to town Looking for a place to call home .	6
They're dead , but they're coming for us .	4
We are doing our to protect the art .	2
Where did [PERSON] get his share of money ?	7
Life back over there is hard .  	6
Elder , aren't you the playboy !	2
You want me to think that you don't want me to go down there , but the subtle truth is you really don't want me to go down there .	1
I know this is a battle we can't win , and all I ask is that you spare him , he's a good kid .	4
These are good workers .	8
In your world if The Neverending Story is fading no child will ever know about Junior .	6
We don't need your sort of consolation , Father [PERSON] .	1
You have our deepest sympathy .	6
feet and rising , sir .	4
There's no doctors upstairs , and there's no way out of here .	4
Just stay out of this .	1
Let me in ! Let me in !	7
Forget me .	6
Oh , there ! Now , I'll just look perfect when I sing my song !	5
She's all right .	8
She told me that you've been going through some things ... in your personal life .	6
Because we are food for worms , lads .	3
But I won't stand it any longer .	1
How's it taste ?	2
When did you get back ?	7
They're savages , savages	3
He wasn't much good , though .	6
Their screams ... you never forget something like that .	1
He's sure gonna bear down on me .	1
How thoughtful .	5
Really scary .	4
Do everybody . How soon ?	1
And what sort of rubbish are you turning out now ?	1
Cut the conversation .	1
Oh , you're just exactly the same .	1
His name was [PERSON] .	6
They're humans first .	8
Boy , that'll be something .	2
[PERSON] says very nice things about you in her letters .	5
With your popularity , you'd be out in no time .	1
OK , let your network know they can expect a letter from my lawyers .	1
The people with the money in their hot little hands put her up there , and she could do no wrong .	6
No , no pictures .	1
Condition Zebra alert .  	4
I just know it .	2
The good news is Kid here has agreed to sponsor you as a Prospect .	5
Ninotchka , when we first went to my apartment ... did I have the slightest idea that you were connected with this deal ?	7
Don't you consider this a public responsibility to respond now ?	3
She's got  champion  written all over her .	8
My life is in your hands .	4
It's a whole new deal .	7
A setup !	3
My officers will not do manual labour .	1
When [PERSON] died , [PERSON] was only five .	6
And then I'm gonna get this right back .	8
Some wealthy , influential citizen merely to curry favour ?	3
Go steal one someplace for yourself .	8
You haven't bothered to find out ?	1
I think the answers make you wise , but the questions make you human .	8
Is Mommy going to be all right ?	4
Shut up .	1
Don't show it to me .	1
And what most people don't see ... is just how hard it is to do the right thing .	6
Did you spend every cent you ever made ?	3
I'll have to write it all over again .	6
That's very rewarding , believe me .	5
With your permission , I'd like to show you something I've had printed .	2
Strelnikov is dead . - What ?	7
[PERSON] is king .	8
Find and fulfill your destiny .	8
All right . I've heard enough . I've heard enough .	1
Shortly after midnight as a surprise .	2
Are you okay ?	4
Let me have secrets .	7
You better have something for me .	2
Because he was a great kisser .	5
You shouldn't fool with that .	1
I can't tell you what a welcome sight this is .	5
Yes , can I have the Command Duty Officer , please ? Thank you .	2
You're more than welcome to bring her , or him , along .	5
And that's all I can give you .	6
Tell them to hurry it up .	1
What a great dress .	5
I'm doing very well on my own .	1
Can I have my store back , now that she's going ?	1
I hope they haven't spotted us .	4
We were worried about [PERSON] .	4
I'll figure it out .	8
So what's your problem ?	1
What's your duty , sir ?	2
Last night .	5
You look good enough to eat , and prosperous .	5
You did . You killed your wife . You killed benham .	1
Here . . euros .	8
[PERSON] , look out for the Red Car !	4
So , what do you think ?	2
Thanks . - Thank you . - Both of you .	5
Adiran , I'm just very happy to be here .	5
Let me be the first to welcome you to this land of milk and honey .	2
I'll fucking kill you , man ! - Hey !	1
Nobody's betrayed you .	8
I think we cured you .	2
I wan na feel good about something sometime .	6
I just got this crew broke in , so don't go screwing 'em up with your old - fashioned ways .	3
You get in your compartment , shut the door and lock it .	1
You stupid ...	1
I also have a memory .	1
The pilots are up early for squadron exercises .	2
I want to get something out of life .	1
You in ? - Uh , sure , I'll shoot a rack with you . - L - listen , kid , kid .	4
Naturally .	1
Let me at him , five minutes .	1
You don't think I can handle a twin engine at , feet , straight and level over some farm country ? I mean , come on , sir .	6
For an hour . An hour ?	2
I think we're being set up .	4
Outstanding !	7
All I want to do is make things as difficult as possible .	1
It's hard . Just tell me what you need .	6
Disgust that somebody she'd looked up to could be so weak .	6
I mean , [PERSON] would always stick a matchbook under one leg to remind me that I'd measured wrong , but she never got rid of it .	1
Have you thought for a moment about anybody else but yourself , and your obsession with letters of the alphabet arranged in a hyphenated name ?	1
If we let him live , could he forgive us ?	4
let's drink to , uh , making new friends .	8
Everything's fine .	5
Does it have anything to do with this amulet ? Yes ? !	2
Hey , Kid .	8
There's a man down there on his head .	4
I'm impressed .	7
Come closer .	4
Terrific , great , incredible	5
This is an important assignment .	2
He wants you downtown , like , yesterday .	1
Are you telling me not to worry but free the lab when you work everything out ?	1
A horse - ranch Indian , a drunken gunfighter , a sex maniac ... and an uncle !	7
Well , someone needs to stay here with [PERSON] and Bud just in case .	1
You will advise [PERSON] of his rights and get a statement from him .	8
I've missed so much !	6
I'm handing it to you .	1
We're trying to help ya !	8
If they find out you're FBI , we have a problem .	4
Well , I'm going to make this a week you'll never forget .	2
We're going airborne !	2
After that we found out that it wasn't the Russians .	3
I think you'd better go away .	1
I just didn't believe it .	7
He'd kill us if he got the chance .	4
Is this absolutely where you live , my dearest one ?	7
The military has been mobilized , but the violence is so widespread that it is impossible for the rescue services to respond .	6
You know , holding that baby in your arms for the first time ... it changes your life .	5
The purpose of the regatta , of course ... is we're hoping to raise about $ 20,000 , for my campaign .	2
Our friend would never leave prints .	8
Check every floor .	8
Kick 'em in the balls every time they get to their knees .	1
He can help us .	8
Do you question my word ?	1
Won't you change your mind and stay for dinner , Mr. [PERSON] ?	2
It's a pleasure , I assure you , [PERSON] .	5
How long do you expect the world to believe those aren't your soldiers ?	3
Why do you think there's been no fighting in [PERSON] or [PERSON] ?	2
I demand you stop this car !	1
I'm sorry about this .	6
What did this boy do that frogface didn't do ? [PERSON] , I want to talk to you .	1
If anyone looks like they know you ...	4
No , no .	1
Listen , [PERSON] , why don't you come down with us ?	2
As an ensign in the United States Navy . - - You go down to the sea to fight in the toughest conflict of all time .	8
I feel sorry .	6
I did that beautifully , didn't I ?	5
I'm so glad we stayed !	5
And one other thing :	1
Don't you think that life should be gay and bright and bubbly , like champagne ?	5
She just had a real spice for life .	2
That's right ! Fantastic !	2
Come on , bring it up .	2
The absence of a plan is ridiculous .	1
Maybe we've missed him already .	4
You hate me .	6
My goodness , you have such an attractive little garden here .	7
This is only the tip of the iceberg , as hundreds more have given us their testimony , but are too fearful to go on camera for fear of repercussions for themselves and for their families .	6
How did [PERSON] injure Liberty Rail ?	4
I love [PERSON] .	8
Garter belt ?	7
Why is Willy coming here ?	7
Wow !	5
No !	1
Miss [PERSON] , could I have a word with you in private ?	8
[PERSON] , why do you keep on making trouble for us ?	1
Goddamn little bitch secretary .	3
We're here to talk about the online lucrative sale of [LOCATION]'s children for sex , which in our experience occurs most prominently	8
Let's go to bed .	2
And he would climb up the tower and rescue me .	8
You ... shut up !	1
Do you have to cheat at everything ?	1
This kid , bulldozing his way into our lives .	3
I'd always heard how badass you Grimms were , but your mother was a complete letdown .	7
You run in the same circles .	3
My God , why now ?	1
Are you quite certain this place was full of people only a few minutes ago ?	7
Got it ?	8
Listen ! There's some chicks here that need help .	8
They're gonna get nervous .	4
It's a belt that makes its wearer invisible .	7
I'm going to college but hoping to do volunteer work in the summer .	2
TV ... Satan's spirit flew out of the TV !	4
Listen to me !	1
I did not ask your advice .	1
That's my girl .	8
Do I actually see this ?	7
Why don't you fire her ?	7
I appreciate what you're doing , [PERSON] .	8
I know all about you , back from your first fight with Apollo Creed .	3
Cover him up , quickly .	4
She sure makes this old saloon smell nice !	5
I spent most of my life in institutions .	6
I'll tear you apart !	1
Mr. [PERSON]'s been teaching me .	8
Like your shoes , it's a miracle she lasted as long as she did .	7
Dear Mr. [PERSON] .   This is about a deputy prosecuting attorney who is taking bribes .  	6
There must be something I can do .	6
Our kids , struggling through their lives .	6
Well , I'd appreciate it .	8
How the hell do you know where we are ?	1
That chorus , they work really hard .	7
This is more like it .	5
Colonel , your men in shape for a parachute drop ?	2
I always feared dying in the gutter with a bellyful of booze .	4
You're lucky .	2
I mean , he had a great sense of humor . He wasn't another junkie with a homemade mm .	5
It's not mine , man .	4
I say this as a friend .	8
She's got the curse .	4
It's not right to leave it in there .	3
Up ! Shut up !	1
I'm against whatever you're planning .	1
Considering who's in the compound , my guess is it's going to be heavily guarded .	2
You've been exploding frogs again .	1
I had a dream that it wasn't right .	3
How you doing , [PERSON] ?	2
It can't be a coincidence it lays out this way , [PERSON] .	4
I didn't know you were a music aficionado .	7
I never should've left .	1
This is great .	5
He was kind and thoughtful and happy about my success .	5
A. . . pointless award ?	6
He let go of my hand . And I was lost .	4
C'mon [PERSON] , hurry !	1
Bastard .	1
I must say he seems quite a reasonable type .	8
She stuck by my side when nobody else did .	8
Look , don't blame us because the warship shelled you .	1
Painter ?	7
But you needn't go on account of this idiot .	3
Listen , I got a favour to ask ya .	8
Oh , but I can't intrude .	6
A true Commander - in - Chief .	8
Is anyone down there ?	4
She's in labor now ?	7
Why don't you run on home , or you'll get hurt worse than before , [GAY SLUR] .	1
I don't know what to say .	7
Let's be honest .	8
I fell over my feet most of the time .	6
I know you always say you're not like him . But here you are , scrubbing up for the next surgery instead of fighting for the man that you love .	3
Well , I don't want it .	1
Profess --	7
Everything's gonna be all right .	8
Somethin' wrong with your car ?	2
That was magical , that [PERSON] stuff .	5
Brother [PERSON] , will you join me in a song ?	2
I'll protect you .	8
I have been waiting , for more than an hour .	2
I'm shocked .	4
She said I stabbed that son of a bitch plenty of times . 	1
[PERSON] , come on , damn it !	1
Time for the magic show .	2
It's wonderful and sweet champagne !	5
Let him speak !	1
The solutions to [LOCATION]'s urgent and long - term potential problems are there .	2
He's in my dressing room .	2
Yet you turned to him for advice when you wouldn't turn to your husband .	7
Tell me everything you saw and what you think it means .	8
You're young , you'll figure it out .	2
But he knew I was lying .	4
You murdered your own brother . - You murdered your brother .	3
You saying I got no brains ?	1
How'd you boys know where to find me ?	7
I must find a place to get out of this downpour !	1
I do not care or the wrath of God , nor of the whole earth .	1
You're dead , you sons of bitches .	1
Our prayers were answered .	5
Oh , my God , no , I can't be bleeding again .	4
Tonight , I hand in my resignation .	2
Only a mile or two more .	2
Just put on your coat .	1
I'm [PERSON] ... if you'd like to be less formal .	8
What do you care ?	1
I have nothing against [PERSON] .	8
They're coming here ... to [LOCATION] .	4
Very well . I understand , doctor .	6
You think you're fast over land I'll go underground !	3
After that , things kind of went downhill .	6
Sorry , I should have mentioned it .	3
How you doin' , [PERSON] ?	2
It's good publicity .	5
He loves you so much , and he absolutely dotes on the kids .	5
[PERSON] , be careful !	4
Because it didn't work .	1
Then , firm !	1
It is spoken on all channels .	8
You tell [PERSON] ?	2
This is an honorable proposal of marriage ... made at what I consider a most opportune moment .	8
Say what ?	1
You are my only hope .	8
Father [PERSON] told me that you had to keep your hands to yourself .	6
[PERSON] , I'm waiting !	1
And all that crap .	1
Love , charm , and violence .	2
It's because I'm a wonderful lover .	5
That's it .	5
Please , don't let him do it !	1
Tomorrow ?	2
The old man was right after all !	7
The assassination is the latest act of terrorism by [PERSON] following the bombing of a drug treatment clinic that left five dead .	1
Is there anything you want to tell us ?	1
So you don't think that's funny ?	7
I know how you feel .	8
Looks like a fucking choirboy .	1
There's a airplane on you . - You drew an airplane on me ?	7
Of course , we're cooperating fully , Al.	8
Or are you lying ?	3
[PERSON] was here last night , trying to kill me .	4
And so I clicked it and ... There was the pictures of my daughter .	7
What are you talking about ?	1
The captain has an honest face too .	8
I won't tell it anymore .	1
I'm gonna go get the kids .	8
Objection overruled .	1
Here , the kind of respects .	8
You love her or what ?	7
Doctor , X-58 , seems to be a success .	5
Fingers crossed , [PERSON] .	8
There's somebody out there .	7
[PERSON] , I got ta go see my son , if it's all right with you .	8
Everybody else thought it was funny !	7
On it , you'll find the safest route .	8
Never has deposited it . Like I say , he's a nut .	3
Let's try it again . ♪ There was old man Nemo ♪	5
How can you think that I could do a thing like that ?	3
Some fight .	8
Congress made a clear policy choice in enacting Section of the Communications Decency Act , and the choice was to preserve free speech on the internet ,	2
He - e-e-ere's Daddy !	2
[PERSON] , this is a fairly young guy .	7
You go to the embassy !	1
Witness interviews ?	7
You're a hard man to kill , Admiral .	1
The asshole's got files on me .	3
Quite an act .	7
I loved him , but you know ...	6
What's the matter ?	2
This office does not condone any racial epithets .	1
Let me feed you .	8
How much do you think he heard ?	4
He's so damn mean , he can't get along with anybody .	3
I'll be late for the first bell !	4
Let me talk to her . Let me just talk to her .	2
[PERSON] , that was meant for us .	1
That'll clip your wings .	6
Please keep in [PERSON] ?	2
Yeah , we got unfinished business ! Her and me .	1
It's not enough .	4
I don't have much time .	4
Are we joined , yes ?	2
You used his head for a punching ' bag .	3
Yeah , yeah , yeah , now .	2
There's nothing I can do about it .	6
You'll see that I get away all right , see that I get to a doc ?	8
And [LOCATION] is a very moral country .	8
Down with the King .	1
I got it from the best authority .	8
Is something wrong ?	4
Anyway , false hope is better than none	2
And sometimes I think some junkie nurse may be stepping on my medication .	3
You son of a bitch . You amended the charges to intent ?	1
You know what you ought to do , love ?	8
I want hugs . - Morning hugs .	8
But I paid a heavy price .	6
She do that to make him crazy so he don't know what he doing .	3
Do not you know ?	2
But even so , it is quite awful when nobody in loves , is not ?	6
I'm going to tell him someday just exactly what I think of him .	2
Looks like the Lord sends me about every misery he can think of just to try my soul .	6
It's taken care of .	8
These experiments save a lot of lives .	8
But there's nothing for me to do after 3:00 .	6
How about some more mint juice ?	2
I'm your girl .	2
I'm sorry . Do you mind getting the door , please ?	8
That shouldn't be too hard to find out , [PERSON]'s wide open .	2
Guess what his name is the captain ?	7
I have an officer here for [PERSON] .	2
What a levitation move ! [PERSON] said unto him ...	7
And he said , I already know this is real . 	2
What was your relationship with the deceased ?	6
And we desperately want to get out of organized crime .	2
We've got you , clear .	8
I decided to come down here and have it out with both of them .	1
What's with you lately ? I'll take care of this .	4
They got ta be punished .	3
I hate them .	1
You'll never take my child out of this house .	1
Have you seen any of these documents ?	1
Got a problem with that ?	1
But there's no support for this appealing idea .	1
Captain , I'm glad you're back .	5
The preparations for my departure ...	8
But they don't know that I intend to attack them without mercy .	1
I'll stay here and shoot him if he comes back .	1
Look , if I'd have been careful piloting that reconnaissance plane during the war , you wouldn't have had the chance to take the pictures that won you a medal , and a good job , and fame and money .	1
What will happen to you after I've gone ? They like hearing my stories	6
It's just not okay to be alone anymore .	6
All the Nuke you'll ever need .	2
That's strange , my brother can't drive like that .	7
I was lucky enough to be a guest .	5
You know . sometimes it feels like it's the only thing keeping us together .	6
You mean you're through with the case ?	7
After that , I don't care if you've found the Holy Grail .	1
[PERSON] , leave the room .	1
What is with you ? What goes with you ?	1
We're all gonna die .	4
When you get on the roof , lie flat !	8
I don't believe you .	6
Don't be angry .	4
We can protect you . If you stay here , they're gonna find you .	8
Not in this condition .	1
Repent , you son of a bitch !	3
Have you ever danced with anyone before ?	2
Turn all of that administrative bullshit to Mac .	1
But don't look so gloomy .	6
Believe me , I do . I think about it every goddamn day of my fucking life .	1
I like being with him and I like thinking about him .	5
[LOCATION] always been good to me .	5
You got my respect and silence , [PERSON] , okay ?	8
You forgot your shoes .	7
Sabotage , demolition , that line of country .	3
Kind of reckless of you .	3
I'm gonna take him back to the orphanage .	3
Now let's move , but let's take the back door .	2
I am here to pay my respects to the high priest	8
He's okay .	2
I will satisfy you .	8
I never mentioned any illness .	7
[PERSON] knows what she's doing .	8
May I use your phone ?	8
Helping me . This isn't helpful .	1
Oh , yeah ?	2
Was she really sick ?	7
I can't stand this spic shit .	1
Scramble the best spin team we have .	2
Tell everybody to go home .	1
Nobody's going to get hurt here .	8
And there's a big difference between love and infatuation .	3
Wiggle your ear . Wiggle your toes . Come on .	5
Somebody ought to stay with [PERSON] and Pa.	8
I'd give every horse I own to get a chance at that fella .	1
Looks like trouble for your boss .	4
I'm gonna get me one of these .	2
That was really the heart of my sincere interest .	8
What do you need money for ?	7
It's [PERSON] . I wanted to let you know - [PERSON] is set for tonight .	8
And if you don't like anyone , you just give me the sign and ... out .	2
Yes , smaller than the smallest , I meant something too .	5
You pretend to raise money for the little league , and the whole community should lighten up ?	1
Always .	2
That bohunk's not gonna put a circus tent on my doorstep .	3
Well , she wanted me to tell you that she's ... she's all right .	8
And I don't share my husband with anyone !	1
If you gentlemen want anything , just ring .	8
Why do you keep this stuff down here ?	2
How are we supposed to raise that kind of money ?	1
It's a little foggy that you're pissed about 'cause I thought -- ´	7
Dig that hat , daddy - o.	8
[PERSON] , what's happenin' here ?	7
And you wouldn't want to endanger Mr. [PERSON] , would you ?	1
They're so nice to have .	5
We'll see you out there .	2
I'm gonna kill you .	1
No , my colleagues and I didn't find Captain [PERSON] a perfect officer .	3
Well , she simply said that you're a fat , pompous , bad - tempered old tyrant .	3
Aren't they wonderful ?	5
Too much vodka .	3
The Sheriff's charming .	5
He was kidnapped . Kidnapped ?	7
Do you think that I have forgotten all that has happened ?	1
Hello .	2
All of a sudden , there's a lot of noise .	7
So that -- so she stays happy .	8
We should leave before it's too late .	4
I did not permit you to come in here .	1
I can see I made a mistake .	6
Deeply .	2
Got it !	2
And me , [PERSON] , I'm with her .	5
It's too depressing to think about .	6
Idiot !	3
They are so dear both !	5
I know how you talk about me .	1
Lighten ship and drop all ballasts . Get below !	1
That's cutting 'em down to size !	1
I ought to run him out of the house .	1
Very good !	5
They must be there .	2
Is that a fine - lookin' woman or what ?	5
I just took care of him .	8
I wouldn't have missed this for anything .	5
Anyway the orders promoting him to Detective , First Grade , have already been cut .	6
People talk about a castle shaped like a hand .	2
Good work , [PERSON] .	8
But when I'm lining up a deal , I don't want any dancehall woman listening in !	3
I knew you were gonna say that .	3
Altitude ? - Altitude . You want some altitude ?	1
I can't wait .	2
Tell them to open the door !	1
Uh-oh .	4
I don't want any of that slop .	3
Quit your swearing , [PERSON] .	3
Liberty is too precious a thing to be buried in books .	6
I'm trapped .	4
He that is himself a confessed traitor .	3
What I would like is for you to get down .	3
I ended up in the hospital .	4
Now look at all this fucking mess !	3
Are you following me ?	4
He's nice .	5
[PERSON] , that was your new partner .	6
[PERSON] , Ahme .	8
Autumn , get out of here ! Don't fight anymore !	1
I feel another song coming on .	2
Oh , [PERSON] , I'm worried about what you'll do at the inquest tomorrow .	4
Then I'll take her a petticoat .	2
From here on , your education must continue in the school of war .	1
Hey , please , just hear me .	2
And I might add that he has some rather strong ideas On the subject of sea monsters .	8
Gim me that damn mike !	1
You know , there's no alcohol in water .	8
Every word that boy said about [PERSON] and me and graft and the rotten political corruption of my state is true !	8
Such a truck would be good for picking up girls in [LOCATION] .	5
Good heavens , is that thing lost again ?	4
If he found out , he'd insist upon doing it himself if he had the money , which I doubt .	4
You did worry me .	4
You took him !	1
You've caused me enough trouble already .	1
What happens to us now ?	4
Take the son of a bitch !	1
Drive !	1
Our best hope lies in what you people can develop to help us .	8
We need to warn [PERSON] and [PERSON] .	4
She's kind of lost .	6
What's that for ?	7
I was kind of expecting a shit show .	5
The professor wants to talk to me .	2
Even if this room gets filled with lies like these and the Taylors and all their armies come marching into this place .	3
You break in here , and you tell me you think [PERSON]'s a murderer .	3
I was in front and you were behind with a gun in my back .	4
If I spoke , you barely answered .	6
I thought he only wanted me for their sake , but ... after his wife died , I realized he really does love me .	5
You see murder ! You see guts !	1
Go get them ! No !	1
It works !	5
I make flowers grow .	5
You know , you have a worse mouth than my kid .	3
I thought I'd lost the ability . With you , I. ...	5
♪ What a wonderful world ♪	8
He will help us . I'm sure that still loves you .	8
And I'm tweaking . I'm outta money .	6
I'll teach you to make meaningless small talk to everyone ...	3
We're human beings , you know .	3
That's the way it's been your whole life .	6
Now that we've found each other again , I hope I shall see something of you .	2
What do you say , mayii ? And let me keep this soul forever ? What do you say , mayii ?	2
I expect the angels fights on your side , Miss [PERSON] .	2
Shut the fucking blinds , will you ?	1
Goddamn , is that bitch on the rag or what ?	1
And loyal to you , ma'am .	8
What are you talkin' about ?	7
I'm good at it .	5
I'm enjoying this .	5
Well , anyways , I got ta be going .	2
Drop it or the little shit's dead !	1
How did you enjoy the ride ?	5
Let me take your coat .	8
Does that sign say BQE ?	5
We may have another shark problem .	4
And runnin' late as usual .	1
I do not want unnecessary scandal . You have not to preoccupy yourself with that .	4
He ain't gonna get my hide .	1
I really hope you find happiness , and if you're ever in need of anything , like someone to love , don't hesitate to call me .	5
I know what you're thinking .	2
Sounds good .	5
[PERSON] , she's got tits the size of cucumbers .	7
Mom's making me go to college at home . Listen , I can't really hear you .	1
I gave you , so you owe me bucks . Okay ?	1
When does he ever hear me swear ?	7
We can do better than that .	1
You go home . I'll handle the captain .	8
The time in [LOCATION] will be so good for you .	2
Do you know what that means ?	2
Where's brother ? Lookin' for that girl yet , I reckon .	8
It's bad there .	4
I'll earn enough money to get us to [LOCATION] .	2
It isn't that . It's what [PERSON] said .	6
Ahem . Father brophy was very disturbed .	1
Listen , a special envoy is coming from [LOCATION] today .	2
Well , I'm not going to leave him .	8
Cowards !	3
I hit him . He went down .	8
You didn't expect me to stay away ?	7
Where are you from ?	2
What's his name again ?	7
Are you telling me he's carrying a. and a. ?	1
Do you really think they can do anything ?	7
If I miss that meeting , I'll lose about half next year's sales commissions .	4
Don't exaggerate .	1
Why are we peddling our precious possessions to the world at this time ?	7
I'm just asking about you , this person I'm sitting with .	8
So I phoned Mr [PERSON] and he agreed to pick it up .	8
I wan na thank you for what you're doin' for my son , [PERSON] .	8
Get ready to go .	8
Your face ... which tells me how much you don't want to be here .	4
It's time you rebels learned you can't take the law into your own hands .	3
And now this ?	1
A safety - first Clyde .	8
Doctor , how long has this stuff been going on ?	4
They're too dumb to play with themselves .	3
Shall we celebrate ?	2
I took a valium . Feel like I'm drunk .	5
When you get hurt , yell .	4
Even if you get past me , there are cops waiting outside .	8
How much time has the world got ?	4
I'm not leaving this house today !	1
Well , we're off to do some shopping , honey .	2
I have a politician who's unable to make a decision .	1
Meat's meat .	8
But the existence of the National Reconnaissance Office remained secret for over years .	8
Mine was big as a grapefruit .	5
Stop biting your nails .	3
This is like the best thing I've ever eaten in my entire life . - It makes it yummy .	5
Do you have to make such a racket ?	1
You've been told .	1
Exactly how you disrupted their state's vote .	1
You know , I think I'll start reviving that tomorrow .	2
If you have a lawyer , it's a good time to call him .	8
Mr. [PERSON] , do you think really that I could be a star ?	7
Three ships were lost , you know .	6
Perhaps I have become , as you put it , obsessed by our name and our past , and the absence of our future , and by our paintings .	1
Me and you are alive .	8
You sit down and pull up your pants and where would it get you ?	3
It's disrespectful .	3
I didn't call because I thought you might be asleep .	8
You see , they ask a lot of dumb questions about what it's like being a black policeman . Shit like that .	1
First we steal his gun , then we shoot .	1
Do you know where you're going ? - This is it. ,	8
Well , I don't think I can do much , sir , but ...	6
He'll never see another if he doesn't learn about [PERSON]'s artillery .	1
You're thinking she's a fool for doing it , even if it saved your hide ...	3
Thank you , Father .	5
How could she be there if she got on that helicopter ?	4
And don't bother sending a bill , either !	1
Did you see the Giants ?	7
What you have to ask is whether you will be able to resist him .	8
I don't know these sailboats .	7
Besides , I have to go to the goddamn senior honours dinner tonight .	1
You want to chuck one in ?	2
I'm going to put a lot of money in here .	2
Sure , everybody would prosper .	5
I said you're smart , but I'm not a fan , OK ?	1
He's a thief , he stole something from me !	1
Do not .	6
You need not be afraid .	8
We got to do something or it'll be too late .	4
Let him .	1
We few ... the rich , the powerful , the clever ... cut ourselves off to guard the knowledge and treasures of civilisation , as the world plunged into a dark age .	3
I. . . I can't .	4
But how about lunch Saturday ?	2
You go to hell .	3
That's not good .	6
Hey , what kind of news are you leaving me there ?	2
You followed my advice and took your sperm to somebody who knows what to do with it , a surrogate mother .	8
You don't have to protect me .	8
They tell me you've been on your toes since you got here .	4
All right . Straight ahead .	2
No complaints , you're reliable -	8
These men .	3
This goddamn town thinks you're as chicken as they come .	3
He tries to prove he's a real man and he's not .	3
Fair enough .	8
Or you can go straight back to your home on the streets .	3
I got a new mommy and daddy and they're so nice .	8
I mean that all my life I've been nothing .	6
Is this the admiral's harem ?	3
Why not you ?	7
I've seen better fights on a light show !	1
Put him in his cabin .	1
It's incredible stupidity ...	1
Got ta duck down lower . Go under the wind , go under it !	8
I can't tell you what a comfort that is .	5
I'm gonna bust your butts ... to make this the best damned outfit in the European command .	2
It's your decision , but if you make it you'll be no good to yourself or anybody else .	1
Wait till they get a load of me .	1
Anything you need , I'll call administration and have them authorize the tickets .	8
They are the tears of Old [LOCATION] .	6
Hey , come on .	5
I suppose he just can't get over his wife's death .	6
It's got to be here !	5
You should not be afraid to touch me .	8
You are so good .	5
Good evening .	5
Let's make the most of it .	5
Plain and simple .	8
Don't touch him , he's hot !	4
Yes , we can . - How ?	2
You feel qualified ?	1
You tell her .	1
Well , thank you for your help .	8
All those fighters you beat , you beat 'em with heart , not muscle .	8
You're perfectly right .	8
You are not going !	1
If you like being a senator , you can come back to the Senate and stay there as long as you want to .	8
Sorry , sir . Careless .	3
You're the real champ .	8
Won't admit that it exists .	6
She loves us very much .	5
We'd just started boarding when this happened .	1
[PERSON] knows what the men want .	8
We have to go . - Let them wait .	2
Yeah , I bet she was a real beautiful girl before she met you .	3
Amazing .	5
Her secret is that she's making half a million bucks a year and she still collects alimony from me , in my present reduced circumstances .	1
I'm burning .	4
What a glorious day it was .	5
And I can't get started .	1
Come on , show yourself , you coward .	3
What are you going to do ?	4
Our ratings have gone up .	5
Damn , I thought she had better taste than that .	3
Everybody relax .	8
They're malicious and vicious , so in and out fast .	3
I thought we had an understanding .	1
Getting there by : would be terrific .	2
Well , why not liven them up ... with the snack food that's sweeping [LOCATION] .	2
Oh ! Sorry . You made me jump .	7
All I ever do is try to please you	6
Will be a great honor , majesty .	8
Sure !	5
They're in chaos .	4
I might not get you back this time .	6
She knows , wanted , of certainty that this cushion is wet .	8
I'm gonna give you something to remember me by .	8
This is so great .	5
I know you are .	8
Two good and happy years , for me at any rate . The night he fell to [LOCATION] ,	5
What am I gonna do when she has a baby ?	4
Hey , clown !	1
She looks like a jelly doughnut , doesn't she ?	3
Those two lovebirds next door driving you nuts ?	3
They have every right to invade ours .	1
I only hope that you're good enough for the [PERSON] .	2
What am I supposed to do , sound like a hick just to make her happy ?	1
The finest banking mind of this country .	8
Hey , is that [PERSON] ?	7
Enjoy with me The pleasures here above	5
We might go into business . Doing what ?	2
Schmuck , listen to me .	3
Please , be careful .	4
Come clean right now . Uh ...	4
The same force that makes the books in your world become empty makes me a prisoner in my castle .	6
The people I work for are very determined . They want the woman .	8
Yes , but the soup bowl of coffee it was so completely crushed that there was no possibility of analysing his content .	1
I've had just about enough of you two .	1
We've got ta treat this guy like royalty .	8
Why didn't you tell me ?	6
You're the guy !	8
We'll go on a crime spree .	2
I wanted good things for you .	8
Why should today be any different , you know what I mean ?	7
See . after our parents died . we were left to fend for ourselves .	8
A perfect place to lose anybody , but this little doll's our cover story .	1
No wonder he's worn out .	6
You're a good person .	8
That low - life was in here last night .	1
I ain't making no money watching you boys sleep .	1
You know , [PERSON] , you're the only one on this barge That understands me .	8
Take your mind off my work .	3
Tell me what ?	7
I don't trust them any more .	1
Everything okay ?	5
Good to see you're still kicking .	5
You mean , a little kid kinda boy ?	1
All right , thank you , gentlemen .	8
Hey , you shut up !	1
What's the use of getting excited , [PERSON] ?	6
Well , stop it !	1
What would you do if it was your child ?	6
I'll see no one but [PERSON] as leader .	1
You get lost ?	1
Wait , wait , I can't do it from here .	4
Remember those commercials you did ?	2
You hate him ....	6
I only have sex when I'm happy .	5
What'd you wan na write that for ?	1
College degree , lovable personality ... and I spend most of my time in prison .	6
I dig and dig , and the hole gets no bigger .	6
Explain yourself .	1
You're good , but you're taking on a lot .	6
We've heard all this before !	1
Gold !	2
But you're not enjoying yourself .	6
What are we working out ?	2
There'll be other dinners , [PERSON] .	2
You ought to come down sometime .	2
or even scrap 	3
Congratulations on your performance last night .	5
Well , people are entitled to leave cars outside if they want to .	1
What precinct , sir ?	7
How many deals do you think get cut in the men's room ?	3
Too long .	1
It is the most spectacular thing in the Senate annals .	5
Then what did you just stuff under your bed ? Nothing .	4
Is there something special about this group that interests you ? No .	3
She went in there to find the Hope Diamond . Just because she came out with a piece of glass doesn't mean it wasn't fraud .	4
Everything is corrupt and incompetent .	1
He's safer here .	8
I don't think a lot of us stopped and thought , This could be our sister or our brother .  	3
You know , you could pay me . That's one way to break the ice . Oh , yeah , I'm sorry .	1
Right now I am just freaking out .	4
I must not get too close to women	6
Like one time , I was with this guy and he came into my bedroom and he was naked , except he still had his socks on .	7
[PERSON] , you are a slave as long as [PERSON] possesses you .	6
What can I get for you ?	2
I loved our life together , the school , subway walking you home , the two weeks we took in St.[LOCATION] .	8
Now , my five ordinary senses , what with alcohol and other forms of abuse , are nothing special , but I have a sixth sense that any witch in the world would give her left broomstick to have .	5
No mice for you , Twister , not today !	1
That's a real nice sound to wake up to .	5
Yes , Rock .	5
The stewardess is flying the plane ?	7
I got ta stop that fool .	3
You're a star .	5
And I really didn't think you wanted to be looped in on my schedule .	7
I was just gonna come see you .	2
Don't you look good .	5
So if you're bad often enough , you'll die .	3
I'll make you a millionaire in four months .	8
Still got another minute .	2
Get your little butt in here .	1
An end to the human race that has plagued this pretty planet for far too long .	3
If I'm going to vote , I ought to study some of the bills .	2
You're not ? - No , I'm not .	2
I'm afraid .	4
I'm in an awful hurry .	4
Well , I do think it is difficult to let go , but believe me , the people we worked with were happy to have us let go .	8
[PERSON] , now you must get married .	2
Peaceful up here , in't it ?	5
What's the matter with my policy ?	7
I called him a liar .	1
Outside the French whore !	1
I love you , Cross .	5
Who's our host ?	2
Designed to make your life a more annoying place to be .	1
But he's an angry guy . Picks up something , kills her .	6
You're gonna make me swear on the Bible ?	4
I won the damn title and they think I'm a bum !	1
They have [PERSON]'s kid .	4
Well , I don't .	3
There is nothing like a good cigar .	5
You got something against fat people , too ?	3
In spite of glasnost , my friend's novel can not yet be published ... in the [LOCATION] .	1
I told you I didn't want any calls .	1
He's peeking at us through the curtains .	4
Besides I can't -- l can't afford to lose bucks .	4
You have the most unusual name , too .	7
[PERSON] was a good cop .	8
For God's sakes , be careful out there !	4
I don't expect nothing . I'm nonchalant .	8
Absolutely .	8
You're not gonna believe this .	7
Of course , you know that the first thing is to fall in love .	5
We need good cops , and they say you're good at what you do .	8
Maybe this is God's way of reaffirming your faith .	2
How long are you staying ?	2
Are you telling me I don't know what a shark looks like ?	1
Sorry more people weren't there to hear it .	6
Be careful , you'll put my cigar out .	4
I'll try to be worthy of the job .	2
This is our honeymoon night , and that's all I care to think about .	5
This is too beautiful to wear .	5
I will . This isn't exactly comfortable for me . I know you wanted this job .	6
Get off me ! Get off me !	1
Poor man's [PERSON] .	6
I've got something down here .	2
Are we there yet ?	2
Things usually change for the better .	5
This wasn't supposed to happen .	2
I can't stand to see him hurt .	6
You stole them turnips from [PERSON] and it's the wrong time of the year for stealing .	3
Thanks .	8
You'll see the women in [LOCATION] . They're the most beautiful in the world .	2
Why did the inspector allow me to say all those things ?	7
MIT was after me , wanted me to rule the world for them .	1
That was our only way of finding out what was going on !	1
I haven't heard the sound of home in a while .	8
Lookin' good .	8
Unfortunately , I have to return to my children now .	6
She's vulnerable , wide - open to be hurt badly .	4
Look , lon , what you did to me with this woman .	3
And he who spies and flies away lives to spy another day .	7
Someone gathered the powders to sleep to the tonic ?	7
And now I really need a drink .	2
Oh , [PERSON] , I'm frightened .	4
Promise me .	8
We should both go .	4
Mr [PERSON] , I was wondering when you'd let me have your blue car .	2
I don't know how to thank you .	8
We'll sit in the back and sneak away as soon as it's over .	2
Hi , sweetheart .	8
Hey , look at this , guys .	7
No one picked on you , [PERSON] .	1
What do they want ?	2
Hey , [PERSON] , how about some beer ?	2
You and [PERSON] are a couple of sluts .	3
Say we'll be happier there than ever .	5
If [PERSON] sees a phone company subpoena , now , she'll bust a gut .	4
Wet it with tears , bleed on it , [PERSON] .	1
Magic ?	7
What about the witnesses ?	4
Where are you going ?	1
Do you girls mind if we run some timing trials ?	2
Who's this ?	2
Defend yourselves !	1
Where did you get this ?	2
[LOCATION] , I've got to move some cars ,	2
Lord [PERSON] is not a traitor	8
If you lay one finger on that poor , sweet , helpless girl ... you'll despise yourself forever .	3
Are you hurt bad , mate ?	8
The helicopter crashed .	4
I swear . I don't know where you get it from . But you !	1
He went into [PERSON]'s chamber .	7
All right , but let me know what you're doing .	2
Stop talkin' and start drinkin' .	2
That's perfectly all right .	5
Are you feeling well , [PERSON] ?	8
I'll have a ginger ale with a twist of lemon .	2
What the ...	7
One for you .	2
But when I go I go with a bang .	2
Lil ' [PERSON] hate you !	1
From my heart , I thank you .	8
Are you listening ?	1
It's impossible . Now time is up , [LOCATION]'s doing it's audit .	1
I understand .	8
Are they gonna get in ?	4
The problem is , they already have a settlement .	4
I do , patrón .	8
So , we expecting company ?	2
I thought you'd gone .	7
Can I help , or would you like to leave a message ?	2
Help ! Help !	8
I guess I'm afraid you'll find me out .	6
She busted out in a Vegas faro game .	1
Keep your voice down !	1
We've known him since we were kids .	8
You could love me ?	7
Shut up , you fuckhead !	1
But you can not do this !	1
How do you know there was a murder ?	4
That's right , home girl ,	5
I ran a make on that guy we've been seeing all over town . Turns out to be --	2
The old girl's finally lost her virginity .	3
That's why it suits so many people .	8
Until it took a hit in the head .	1
You're up early , Mr. President .	7
Young man , you think this thing won't fly ?	7
I'm not lying .	1
I really appreciate that .	8
We all have to sacrifice something .	6
Unless he had a plan .	2
Bloomy , were you asleep ?	2
How do you feel ?	8
The same all grind week after week . And so much stress .	6
What if I just lean back like this ? Would you rescue me if I fell ?	8
But you have me .	8
Give me a minute .	1
I got a goddamn campaign to win .	1
Get away from that boy .	4
I fed it and put it on .	5
What news have you from the factory , dear ?	2
I'm gonna take another picture .	2
What the devil have you been up to ?	1
Want to trick me ?	2
I want you to get some sleep tonight .	8
I thought you'd question him .	7
There's coffee on the stove .	5
Three's hardly an army .	1
Or perhaps you should be careful .	4
Yeah , absolutely .	5
He knows no more than [PERSON] .	8
Who in the world can do that ?	1
Darling , your present just arrived .	2
Senorita ? Your bare feet are showing .	3
You deserve the worst for what you did .	6
Inclined to hound subordinates about small details ?	1
Go on , give yourself a treat .	5
Where are you going ? - I have a date .	5
We are near .	2
I need to see you right away .	2
Find the most tender and vulnerable , to destroy his heart .	1
We're running out of ammunition .	4
She ought to be melted down for razor blades .	1
Would you like to take a break ...	8
They're quite merciless .	4
I mean , it was rather unprofessional on her part .	1
That was a good one .	5
It's as empty as ashes .	6
It's an old saying by an old crow .	3
In a week , I can sell them anything .	2
He would present his incontestable alibi and it would be in safety forever .	3
I was , up to the minute I saw this test .	1
Casualty report ?	6
Come on , Speedy [PERSON] !	2
Hands up !	1
I wish I could spend more than two hours with you .	2
You know , it's dangerous for you to be here in the frozen food section .	4
I'm about to go get a slice right now .	2
Five , four , three , two , one . Go ! Go !	2
We will sue your asses .	1
Either you take care of yourself or I , too , shall resign .	1
Yeah , and I wish I could keep it !	7
Trubel , run !	4
It's back !	7
It's the best .	5
We should be there in about minutes .	2
I didn't like it .	6
Now , are you in for $ , ?	8
Don't resist us .	1
No . - Really not ?	2
I'm not testifying .	1
What's the matter , kids ?	7
I don't feel like answering any more questions .	1
My God , he's done a wonderful job .	8
This is only just for it is they who betrayed you by surrender .	3
I'm so ashamed .	6
The guy starts talking shit , so my brother picks one of them up . Shoots him right in the face .	8
Can you think of something else ?	2
Hey , look at this .	2
And I don't like nobody touching my stuff !	3
Help us .	8
Why are you dressed like that ?	2
Well , well , well . What do we have here ?	3
How did you learn to fight like that ?	7
It ain't fitting ' , it just ain't fitting ' .	3
Something must have scared him .	4
I want to bring the same truth to this role that I brought to Guppy the newsboy in Hey , Hey , It's Guppy !	2
Don't  Your Majesty  me !	1
You've made no protests yourself ?	7
God , you're probably right .	7
I'm out of my mind ?	6
All right . - Okay . - It was nice to meet you , mark .	5
You never gonna get married ?	7
What am I supposed to do ? Go to a halfway house for wayward SAG members ?	1
That was stupid and cruel .	6
Not fully .	6
Anyways , no good no more , Kid .	6
Mr. [PERSON]'s changed with the times .	7
I tried to make him see a psychiatrist .	4
He killed more people than cholera .	3
And time was running out fast .	4
What's all this interference ?	1
She didn't become a Hexenbiest because she wanted to .	3
Close the hatch !	1
Tries to make it look like rape .	3
And nowhere is more dangerous than their local bar , the rat catcher .	4
Soothing .	5
Come on , we don't wan na miss our bus .	2
I'm hungry .	6
A toast to where we girls was born :	5
No one else could do it so long .	8
Okay . Let's have lunch .	2
Yeah , yeah , that's a really good idea , because if anybody does come here , it's just me and [PERSON] , and , you know , the little guy .	2
You're not the man your father was , [PERSON] .	3
[PERSON] , the lawsuit's dead . We don't have a plaintiff .	1
Whether I call you [PERSON] -[PERSON] or Windy there's no need to be bashful	1
Soon , sir .	2
Like private places , boy .	5
She's a friend .	8
Very well , sir .	8
Explains even more .	5
Ah , ah , I'm so sorry . [PERSON] has nothing to do with this .	8
Don't open that .	4
I might do that .	8
Are you human ?	2
Let me back you up a bit .	8
It'll save my life .	2
Mr [PERSON] wants to see you right away .	2
But then , I wouldn't have had a chance to thank you .	2
How did the trust fund end up in [PERSON]'s name in the first place ?	7
The dog grabs the gorilla and swings what ?	7
That was the happiest night he ever had .	5
The word is bitch .	1
I'll kill him and his bloody beast .	1
You damned near got us all killed .	1
Hey Grandma !	5
Hey , quit moving in there !	1
I've got this town wired .	8
The creatures were about uh , four foot .	7
Did you want to see me ?	7
It is out of the question .	1
Such a beautiful bride .	5
Please help us .	4
You've done a helluva job with the man .	8
A quick drive and we'll call back .	2
Lots of votes taken , but nothing has happened .	1
Now I know how a poor little guinea pig must feel .	6
Don't waste my time , comrade .	1
You're gonna drink it all , [PERSON] , even if it takes all night !	1
You didn't put anything for job history .	7
That's right , $ , .	7
Buy me a dinner tonight ?	2
I should hate to interrupt my present work .	1
You find it hard to believe that this is not just a dream you dreamed a long time ago .	2
You expect us to stand all the way ?	1
This young fella is in a hurry because he's got the prettiest wife you ever saw waiting ' .	5
No one's ever gotten away with a stunt like this before .	7
People who don't pay up end with their knees nailed to the floor .	3
Watch this .	2
But a crime was committed here and I'm going after her for it .	1
I know how that must feel .	6
Every last drop .	2
You sure come to the right place here .	8
I'm sick and tired of hearing about him .	3
[PERSON] , you'll come with me ?	2
[PERSON] , you're asking me to make a total commitment of men and money on the basis of a hunch .	4
Feels like we're going down .	4
He might even put in bleachers . Oh , yeah !	2
Maybe they heard something .	4
You have a great talent for creating difficult situations .	3
Come , my child .	8
Get lost !	1
I don't need a doctor . I need a promoter .	1
I should have fired him when we fired [PERSON] .	1
Leave everything to me . Shoo , shoo .	8
Okay , you have fun .	5
Ok , kids , dinner's almost ready ! Turn off the TV !	1
In charge of piers and warehouses ?	7
Don't forget the cannibals .	4
What the hell's going on out there ?	1
Assembly completed .	5
I know him .	7
I have been thinking about you . Really ?	2
What do you want to do about the body ?	4
What the fuck are you doing with those ?	1
[PERSON] , I have the most terrible news for you .	6
A bus ?	7
Really .	7
Most people will feel good riddance .	2
God save the Queen !	8
I hate you , [PERSON] .	3
Truth of the matter is I don't much like parties .	6
Concocted all kinds of false information about weapons of mass destruction which [PERSON] did not have , and it was known in intelligence circles he didn't have .	1
Did you plant the bug ?	1
I want to sit in front .	2
Although I'm a duckling today , tomorrow I'm a swan	2
I'll take the scenic route by foot .	2
Well , you're very polite .	1
The President doesn't know it's occurring .	7
There's a nice picture of you on the front page that I'm gonna add to my collection .	5
She's gonna kill him !	4
It was good therapy after my divorce and my miscarriages .	8
I say , something kind of important has come up .	2
Sit ... down .	1
My brother must've found the keys .	8
I like to watch .	5
You ever make me look stupid , you're dead .	1
Hey , lighten up !	8
We'll never be parted again	8
I saw her just once more after that wedding night .	6
Authorities once again warn residents to use extreme caution ...	2
Well , guess what , mother , I did it to get away from you .	3
I'll be home in a couple of hours .	8
It looks lovely to me , [PERSON] .	5
What do they want with us ?	4
Look , if you don't want me in your Army , kick me out ... but get off my back .	1
I also think we'll know very soon who it is .	2
That's my secret .	2
When neighbors call -- Not that they do call ... I see them sniffing ... sniffing .	3
I'm in control .	8
You know what I'm asking .	1
I'm glad you joined us when you did .	5
But ... good lord , yes !	5
What the fuck are they doing in there ?	1
He's dead , isn't he ?	4
The chauffeur ? The stable boy ?	7
About [LOCATION] , I don't think this is really the best time .	6
That's why you're getting older and she's getting younger !	1
It has a nice little ring to it , don't you think ?	5
Good day to you . I am father mayii .	2
We rumbled . - l mean we rumbled with anybody .	5
Father !	2
One way to pleasure .	5
As I promised .	8
My word , are there important people downstairs ?	7
Help . Help me .	4
All right , I will !	1
It gives me great pleasure to introduce to you , [PERSON] .	8
Whatever you need , it's yours .	8
But in time [PERSON] may be able to fill his shoes .	8
Just about a year ago in [LOCATION] , [LOCATION] . It was quite a night .	5
How ' bout a drink ?	8
You're betrothed ?	7
Money !	5
You're right . But it wasn't me , sir .	7
The moon's out , but there are clouds around .	6
How'd it go ?	2
This prick's been cheating the whole game .	1
You've had good news for the last 12 , years .	5
When the country needs men who have courage like never before , he's just gonna decorate a chair and get himself honoured .	3
So he's doing pretty good . I'm sure you can see that , though .	8
I don't think you understand the situation . These guys are religious zealots .	4
What are you doing ? ! - So long , guys .	7
Say , that's right .	2
Try the basement .	2
[PERSON] , I've given this a lot of thought .	8
Calm down , fam !	1
We're looking at economic instability , we're looking at housing instability .	6
That explains why they didn't rape me right off .	4
Gee , I've never been to the circus before .	2
What the hell are we doing here ?	1
That's why you brought me here ?	7
Where's the money ?	1
I never promised to be no hero , did I ?	1
Let's just worry about getting out of here .	4
Transmission's weak .	4
Announcer : Here's [PERSON] and [PERSON] rae weller .	2
He's right there !	7
Yikes ! A penguin in a pot !	4
I appreciate your patience .	8
Why do you bother with her , eh ? She's nothing but trouble .	6
When do we leave ?	3
[PERSON] , what's the matter ?	4
Can't watch it .	6
We buried him the next day .	6
I wish you Godspeed .	8
Do we have eyes inside , [PERSON] ?	2
Outrageous !	1
Let's go , gentlemen .	2
Stop the car !	4
[PERSON] was producing a motion picture , his first .	2
Don't Freud me , [PERSON] . You're not qualified .	1
She's lovely .	8
Judgement of murder !	1
Doctor , you're with me .	8
We could get a house and everything .	2
I wasn't there when he died .	4
Have a cigar , [PERSON] , and I'll join you .	2
I must have been crazy .	7
He used to make me bend over while he whipped me with his belt .	4
That's a good touch . Have the kid leave .  	5
A good thing my reactions are so fast	7
Something's going on .	4
You're real dumb , huh ?	1
We've got to keep ... Keep daddy happy .	6
You've gone too far !	7
You place an absurd value On the cheapest of human commodities .	1
What about me ?	2
Deadly and poisonous .	4
There isn't anybody I can call for help .	4
He'll snap any day .	4
This is yours , sir .	8
And I say again , mate , I'm coming in !	2
Somebody's gonna kill you , you dumb son of a bitch , but it's not gonna be me .	3
[PERSON] was a pretty good mountain climber .	5
Six days of this and I'll make you a hero .	8
From the bowels of hell ...	4
Until along comes a coward with a bomb .	1
It may endanger the very peace and stability of [LOCATION] .	4
I want you to stay on the civil case .	8
Now you got money in the bank and a faithful husband .	5
Well , then , come on and find out .	2
You shot Mr. [PERSON] !	7
And dead ahead , is home sweet home .	8
I beg your pardon ?	7
This is where you'll be living .	8
Let go , my beautiful daughter .	8
Well , do you plan everything ?	1
We already know that	1
You rat !	1
Darling , is that you ?	2
That's just what we want him to think .	5
I will protect you .	8
I won't be made a fool of .	1
Harry . Remember how you used to say life wrote lousy scripts ?	2
He'll come to [LOCATION] for his leave and you waiting for him just like a spider !	2
The King wants to take the wife of his cousin .	3
They don't know themselves .	6
Good . Yeah .	8
( babbling ) - it will be fun have one of these in your house .	8
So what happened between you two , then ?	2
Are you willing to fight , men ?	8
Drained their life savings , ruined hundreds of lives , and made off with over $ million .	1
Yankee Bravo . Nightingale . We have reached Kuwaiti Star's position .	8
My father hates him . My wife hates him .	1
There could have been better answers to some of the questions .	1
We ... we have a few more questions to ask .	4
I'm going to be okay .	8
I seem to be spoiling everybody's brandy and cigars ... and dreams of victory .	6
We're all gonna die !	4
The beers are in the refrigerator . Thank you .	2
That kind of love isn't enough for two people as different as we are .	6
We've been through a lot together , and I don't want to see you do something , you know , without me if you really need me .	8
I like street cats .	5
Who is there ?	4
I'll do a better job . You're so out of it , you'd botch that up .	1
I'll listen , but I can't guarantee how long .	1
Next time , make it good .	2
We'll never meat again	6
How much longer is this [PERSON] going to hold out ?	2
That brought it down .	8
We're trying to get to a place called [LOCATION] , a couple of hundred miles north , I think .	2
It's good you no understand my mother . It's liar .	1
I'm a sex trafficking survivor .	5
I don't pay you good money to have you jerk me around .	3
Stop whining and eat your  shikseh  .	1
Let us board !	5
He ain't God .	3
Well , I know you ain't confusing yourself with getting in shape to ride again .	3
And I need to have a word with [PERSON] , so please have a seat outside .	2
I've got cookies !	5
Murder is very , very real .	3
Your Majesty .	8
How ya doin' ?	2
I don't want this !	7
I'll get us some burritos and Cokes while you pull a few .	2
Isn't that an intriguing challenge ?	5
Drive carefully !	4
We got a good thing goin' here .	5
To Oscar , [PERSON] was heaven - sent :	8
Where did you get it ?	2
We'll head into the wind .	2
You must come from the Stone Age .	3
My name is [PERSON] .	5
I've slaved in that man's factory for years and years .	6
And nice earrings for a streetwalker .	3
He was okay .	5
Please , hurry , this man is really ill .	4
Then there's the third murder , and we can't find any connection between this one and the first two .	1
From your niece , sir .	5
Go inside and search Yes !	2
Don't let her do it , [PERSON] .	4
You do not let me down .	8
I think he'd be very gentle .	8
I am so proud of you .	8
It went ' pop . ' Exploded .	8
Ladies and gentlemen , these photos depict horrors ...	3
Where do we go to surrender ?	2
It's impossible to make a real dent . But it is possible to hurt individual assholes who fuck it up for everyone .	1
Faster , son , faster !	5
How did you know my name ?	7
All right , I'm coming in .	2
It's just you know that sometimes ... Well , you're not wanted .	6
That was fun .	5
After you've moved into your permanent home , you'll enjoy mechanised servants .	5
The reality however is much different .	4
It's a cruel disease .	4
Get out .	1
Wonderful ! What's it say , honey ?	2
Women and children off the street !	4
No wonder your husband still loves you .	5
I was smart .	5
Guard the three we've captured ! Yes !	2
This is my life we're dealing with .	1
What's it like ... ?	2
Assholes trying to round them up and put them in the back of trucks .	1
Grab the hand rail !	7
I hope [PERSON] isn't watching .	4
The most terrifying ever beheld by human eyes .	4
I refuse to sign it .	1
Perhaps you could enlighten the jury as to what else the government's giving you in exchange for this testimony .	8
But the windows will ?	7
I'm going down to [LOCATION] , then [LOCATION] for a few days .	2
Is this Truth or Dare ? Say what ?	7
Did you remember to get my dress ?	2
I understand ... The prosecutors have suspicions .	8
[PERSON] , are you all right ?	4
She was a crackhead .	3
I'm sitting on something . I've got to say it to your face , Counselor .	8
To serve your country .	8
All right . I'll talk to [PERSON] .	1
What am I , a fuckin' stranger ?	1
But when the sick one is yourself , you can not run away .	6
They meant nothing .	6
It's a major breakthrough that will no doubt make motorists happy .	5
Let's open the wine now .	2
No matter what's happened , this child is going to need you .	8
I didn't ride out here to pick blueberries .	1
Oh , we are just getting started , Director , and there is a whole lot to comb through .	2
You can't just run off .	1
You meet somebody and you only got one night to really get to know them .	6
Look how I've changed !	5
That'll be all , steward .	1
My scarf . Where's my -- ?	7
When were you going to give the money to the community ?	1
My life now only has room for truth .	8
Oh , my God .	3
Watch that enthusiasm . This is the [PERSON] .	1
Get out !	1
I'm alarmed about you .	4
Well , [PERSON] , I'm gonna make you my deputy .	8
I can see panicked citizens taking to the streets if this gets out .	4
I du n no what that cleaner's doing , but tell him to cut it out .	1
I'm going to be out here if you need me .	8
Fuck him .	1
Hit him with your purse , ya pussy .	3
What do you think ?	2
You people can either help me , or stay the hell out of my way .	1
Take her , please .	4
Do them all . I may never get back on .	8
Hey , this is pretty nice , being served in my own home .	5
Don't need anybody right now .	1
I shall recommend you highly .	8
He don't care about you and he don't care about me neither .	6
Stay in the car , they'll tear you apart .	4
Hey , [PERSON] . Come here .	8
You'd still be my [PERSON] .	8
We have to get her to a doctor .	4
Hey , I'm looking to party , can you help me out ?	2
The devil with him !	1
Breaking my heart with your impossible love !	6
Two against one ?	1
Fire !	4
Do you celebrate tonight ?	2
We can't wait for it .	2
I don't want to part with it even in death	1
For the first time , when we looked at each other in the gypsy camp , and again at the window at the casino , and again just now , when I held out my hand to you ,	8
As I step into the rat catcher , the first thing I notice , besides the smell of rancid beer and stale piss , is the tension .	3
I guess this must seem pretty pathetic to a guy like you .	6
It was horrible there .	4
What's all this for ?	7
I get so bored I could scream .	6
I never said monster .  	8
The witness stand is a lonely place to lie .	6
Mac ...	7
And as long as you've got this wedding ring on , you've got me .	8
One more shot and I'll cut you in two .	1
That is a beautiful thing .	5
We already know the rest .	1
Pretty dress .	5
So you're [PERSON] .	7
Some creep got into her place and strangled her .	1
It's lovely .	5
I'm telling you , I thought I was the best .	6
You're murderers !	1
She's not going to , so what difference does it make ?	1
I promised myself when I get out of jail , I'm gonna find a Vago .	6
Might as well be a hundred .	3
He's got another woman !	1
It's pleasant to see everything so prosperous with you here .	5
Then they'll say , Let's invite that [PERSON] family over for dinner .  	1
I know it's a terrible time .	6
[LOCATION] control said you can continue on with your mission .	8
We're in trouble now .	4
Oh , you almost got me .	5
Her husband has a beer one night ... Doesn't even comment on the glass .	1
He testified that his mother had beaten up the old man many times , and how , on the night of the murder , she not only smashed his radio but hit him .	1
Child , crying :	6
Well , just 'cause I'm hungry . - I'm gonna get something to eat .	5
If I get the job , I'll buy you one hundred of 'em .	2
Maybe you can hear this . The next time you cross me , you're gonna turn up missing .	3
I asked you a question .	1
Not good . Let's not get caught in the car .	4
Aren't you pleasant . - Yes , when I wan na be .	7
So now that you're a good guy , what about the bad guys ?	2
[PERSON] , all of this is very confusing .	7
We need a doctor , quick !	4
You're a trained killer !	3
What's he got to do with this thing ?	1
Anyhow , I'm sick a human life was lost .	1
[PERSON] ? - Yeah !	2
They tried .	6
Are you upset ?	4
What , just to see me ?	7
Lonesome picker and watch house will be the first two to come forward .	6
You can't do that to him .	1
Wipe first your chin , drunkard , and then the table !	3
I'm gonna do it now , [PERSON] .	2
See this or that doctor .   Here's how to solve your problems .  	3
I'm tired of this baby crap !	3
Goddamn it , [PERSON] .	1
Would you like me to go with you ?	8
And it's about you , and it's about [PERSON] , and it's about the drinking , and it's about all of it .	1
I know he was your friend .	8
We just hit the jackpot .	5
You come from somewhere and you're trying to make nothing out of yours .	1
I disagree .	6
You love him ?	7
Think that lady in the red dress'll go home with me ?	2
Yes , Elder	8
Hmm . - We're not underwater . Yeah .	7
Happy to have you with us .	5
Happiest CS - Three anyone ever met .	5
You know what to do .	8
And I hate these fucking doughnuts .	1
Dude , there's not any chance of my becoming involved in this , is there ?	4
It's the right mate too . - How do you know ? - I looked .	2
I'm pleased to be wrong .	5
I really don't care if you're the law or whatever the fuck you are .	1
She pulls back on the trigger and at that moment I wake up screaming .	4
Faced with that ... regardless of my personal feelings for the boy , my sense of duty told me that his expulsion from the Senate was the only possible answer .	6
Isn't it divine ?	5
That spark and fire I used to see in her eyes is gone .	6
Oh , hell !	1
Uh-oh !	4
Yeah .	8
Let it go down .	6
Seems he has a taste for beef .	7
What makes you think there's something the matter with her ?	7
Threw him right out the window .	1
But it can't be a date  date . 	4
We'll get a new one .	2
Somebody help me !	4
You do as I say or the pig dies .	1
Get them !	1
[PERSON] , ain't you gonna do nothing ?	7
And shave off that dreadful moustache .	3
Thank you for all your help tonight .	5
Divvy bitch !	1
I'm sure [PERSON] understands what I'm getting at , don't you , [PERSON] ?	8
Happy birthday .	5
I hate you , [PERSON] !	1
They didn't miss me at all .	6
Barley ?	7
What the hell were you doing diving there ?	4
For a buck , you get a shooter , and a cigar , and a dance with the beautiful bride .	5
It's all for show .	3
Let's stay just a little longer .	2
Can I just have a second before we start ?	8
Yeah , it's nice .	5
He's very sweet .	5
We'll arrest him .	1
Standard opening . And now , you are being deliberately stupid .	1
It's too late , isn't it ?	4
Why don't you just let us get on with our job ?	1
Why would a rival biker gang crash a bar full of [LOCATION] ?	1
Then , one night , we were talking about how we hated the life , and how we had never done much of anything ourselves .	6
Lightning can kill you .	4
The trouble is , I need money for manufacturing and promotion .	4
Don't joke .	1
And I want you .	8
You have destroyed us .	4
Shoot the fuck down !	4
These are strange times , my friend .	4
We thought they might be weapons directed against us .	4
This has been a long week , Dr. [PERSON] .	6
[PERSON] needs me .	2
[PERSON] , it's so good to have you around .	5
She's empty .	7
Don't ruin it .	1
I got offered a part in a movie .	5
[PERSON] , why don't you just ... Lighten up .	1
No . This is [PERSON] .	7
Stop , [PERSON] , stop !	4
Do you know something else , my friend ?	8
There must be somewhere in [LOCATION] where one can find sanctuary to think .	1
Welcome to [LOCATION] .	2
He saved my neck .	8
And you're a steady hand , which , again , the country needs .	8
And this evidence is clear ... And uncontested .	8
Even before [PERSON] you refuse to reveal your true appearance !	3
All : Ohh , shit .	1
It's hard being a dope fiend .	6
There's no harm in hearing the young lady out , is there ?	2
And how about translators ?	1
[PERSON] was worried too . 	6
He just got drunk and stared .	3
That's a beautiful dress .	5
It's a crime against the people who sent me here !	1
It is absurd !	3
Don't start that again .	1
You won't cheat [PERSON] out of publicly ordering you out of her house .	1
You're fired , [PERSON] .	6
There are many who can not tell between good and evil	6
Behind this eloquent exterior , I've got a yellow streak miles wide .	6
[PERSON] , break out that chart we've been working on .	2
What if the police find you here ?	4
I can see very well , thank you .	1
And a very powerful one .	8
Hurry !	1
♪ And I think to myself ♪	5
What the hell's going on here ?	1
Come on ! No , no , I don't want to go to the women's gymnasium .	3
If humans forget about us nobody will think of fun things for Junior to do .	6
Will you go along with their agenda ?	2
Who told you to step up on my sneakers ?	3
Moon ! Dad !	2
The longest game I ever played was on the maiden voyage of the [LOCATION] .	3
Jerry : And where does the boner come into this story ?	2
Please , give me another chance .	3
You know , they say the most vulnerable part of the human body ... is the throat ... and that you never really know how you feel about somebody ... until they have their hands around your throat .	4
I require an answer .	1
Oh , my goodness !	8
She'd come to [LOCATION] to look for her child . I helped her as far as I could .	5
You'll be impressed	2
I want you to get a hold of yourself .	1
And we will be very , very happy and very , very rich .	5
I've escaped !	5
l get so nervous . - But you shouldn't .	8
If you accept the bouncer dimensional theory , it's highly likely that we've done a hell of a lot of damage .	2
Shall I tell you the rest of the story ?	2
If you want to cite law , then obey it yourself .	1
The boat is gone .	6
You thirsty , son ? - No .	1
You know , I think I'll go back East and work for a while .	2
Why are you here ?	7
How soon can we have this on the market ?	2
All she could do was drink and cry , like you .	3
[PERSON] , they're going to kill you !	4
And we've got her .	8
But the gun shoots death and purifies the earth of the filth of brutals .	3
The van is waiting to take you to your  Live at Noon  spot .	2
Look , I better go !	2
This is a merchant ship . We're carrying machine parts .	2
Oh , sir , you forgot your map . And our million dollars .	1
Who in the hell you looking for ?	1
An event which doubles the pleasure I take in wishing you and them a most happy and prosperous New Year .	5
Let's get real .	2
Take this , you'll feel better .	8
It's supposed to be great .	5
I feel so bad for [PERSON] .	6
No , don't be silly .	8
You want some ? I won't tell anybody .	2
Did I hear somebody call for their old man ?	7
Have you got any interest in coming home to [LOCATION] ?	2
[PERSON] , you're losing your family !	1
Dad !	1
Hiya , kids !	2
This is cool .	5
It is for Mr [PERSON] . Only for Mr [PERSON] .	1
I'll blacken this punk so he'll ...	3
Though you may think you're having fun now you only hurt the one you love .	6
Looks like a goddamn freak show out there .	3
But what happens if ...	4
Did you ?	7
How long before we'll know ?	2
Such as I was waiting .	8
I shall not translate .	1
Can you make it ?	4
The Hundjager I killed was Verrat .	2
Better have something to give me this time , officer .	2
Wait till my mates get you .	4
It's moving back against the wall .	6
Now come on !	1
I hope everything's going well with your marching .	8
It's time .	5
Her cunt .	3
I don't believe you !	1
There's a big hole in the flight deck .	4
Oh , okay .	8
You know , [PERSON] , I'm a little scared myself .	4
And that scares the shit out of me , kid .	4
I wish you'd tell Marigold to shut her silly old face .	3
I assume cash is acceptable .	2
Yeah . They're bleeding .	4
Waiting for an answer .	2
For me , the fun went out of it after [PERSON] died . It was never any good , really , after that .	6
Sorry about that .	6
I am not unauthorised .	1
Who are they ?	2
She's an unlucky driver .	6
If we close , our stock won't be worth a nickel .	4
You'll be OK .	8
I'll tell my mother !	1
Get up ! Do you hear me ?	1
A man who has come here as a fool .	3
Why do men think marriage is the only thing we want ?	1
You can not tolerate the faith in humanity , Because if you do , all this ... The structure of your very existence ,	6
I'm not wearing pantyhose .	2
Are you our lawyer ?	2
What's the matter with you ?	1
I'm happy to say the old bladder's working .	5
I think it's rather sporting .	5
What do you say ?	2
[PERSON] , I'm not an idiot and I don't appreciate being treated like one .	1
Come on , wake up .	4
And now if ... When we get a cab we can complete the plan and live out our lives with a modicum of dignity .	8
I take it you agree that it is possible for a publisher to also be a participant in a sex trafficking venture , where the pimp himself runs a website .	2
Where are you going , man ? - I was gonna sit -- I'm gonna sit down .	8
I'm expecting a baby .	2
The monster is here ! Abracadabra !	1
Am I late ? - No , no , not at all .	8
Get anything yet ?	2
I'll give you the money .	8
Remember , Daddy loves you .	8
Who the hell is that ?	1
That's right . The last thing we want is an international incident .	3
I always said you was the whitest [N-WORD] I ever knew , [PERSON] .	5
The only thing you'll get from me is this .	1
Dr Post , who runs a shop I worked in , has contacts in several universities .	8
This is a great exercise for the inner thigh . When I count to ,	8
Yes , everybody . Very good .	5
Well , I'm glad we had this little chat .	8
Better open this door , [PERSON] .	1
Let's stop wasting time .	8
Where do you get those wonderful toys ?	5
You can not kill a man's family and talk about human rights .	1
You really think you know what's best for us , [PERSON] ?	1
Well I am making breakfast here ? What are you doing ?	1
I'd like your support .	8
Elder , let's go in Elder ! Thrust out our chests	2
I pulled that [LOCATION] heist , not Scratch [PERSON] .	1
[PERSON] , it's me .	2
Then I turn my back , and he steals a glass .	3
Now you're talking sense .	8
Your mother was my dearest friend .	8
He wanted me ,	2
I mean the commissioner and the mayor decided not to set a precedent inviting every maniac in this city to kidnap someone .	1
Take it off !	1
She knew something .	7
You're not gonna give us any trouble about it .	1
And I know how hard you been working to build somethin' for yourself and [PERSON] .	8
[PERSON] in office can cause damage .	6
You all right , [PERSON] ?	4
Would you care for some coffee ?	8
Not so bad , but there's dirty weather ahead .	4
Oh , now , look what you've done !	1
It's a police matter .	8
I have defeated you ?	1
But I'm gonna miss you , baby .	6
Now , that's something .	5
We live in a border state where a lot of this cross-border sex trafficking takes place .	6
I guess that's why the old man gave it to you !	7
Look who's here .	3
Is it supposed to work right away ?	7
No , I just ... I just need a second , okay ?	6
In that case , why don't you go to that last table ... sit down , shut up , and don't move ?	1
Them Italians came one time and stole half the store .	3
Will you help us , please ?	8
Haven't seen you in a long time .	7
Has anyone considered trying , Open sesame  ? 	1
It will be difficult for me . Suppose ...	4
There's a risk of kicking him while he's down .	4
A very enthusiastic pupil !	5
Don't be sneaking up on me like that .	1
We should all visit with our significant others for a few minutes .	8
You big fool !	3
Pretty good shooting , young fella .	5
You'll be glad to hear that the lift was working this morning .	5
And , [PERSON] , we have a breathtaking adventure in front of us .	2
gonna get another one ?	2
[PERSON] , we've discovered something the human race has been searching for since the beginning of time .	5
You ain't got no place to go , [PERSON] .	6
How is that any different ?	6
You had me scared for a minute .	4
A rather odd reaction .	7
Behold the [LOCATION] for all seasons !	2
They've all left their tire tracks on the desert roads .	7
How much time did we lose , exactly ?	2
With a little money , you can get almost anything .	5
Did Captain [PERSON] look sick ?	4
[PERSON] didn't say nothing ...	6
[PERSON] looked cute .	5
Don't be daft !	1
I would not like to have my mother with me .	1
Did I get home all right last night ?	4
I'm with [PERSON] . You're on speaker .	8
What do we do in case of an accident ?	4
You two know each other ?	7
Let's get on with this .	2
Apparently there's been a bomb and some shooting in the street .	4
She wasn't even there .	1
It's not a matter I want to discuss , I tell you .	1
But that is not true .	6
He looks terrible .	6
Actually , we don't know a soul here .	7
But the hair is rotten here .	3
If I'd only figured it out before maybe we wouldn't have been trapped down here .	6
Is it all gone ?	6
That's not true .	1
I can't tell the boy from a doorpost .	3
They say you offering me favours .	2
He did something wonderful .	8
Well , I don't think I'd wan na bet on it .	8
I know how you feel , but don't ask me to do anything that'll break my heart .	6
I thought politics interested you .	7
But I need to know where it is .	1
It's working .	5
And now , what are we going to do ?	2
Let's see what [PERSON] has for dinner .	2
Damn it , stay back here .	1
I'm sure you don't mean that .	6
You'd think they'd let a man keep his hair .	7
What the fuck are you on about ?	1
He's doing fine .	5
What shall I do now ?	4
I'm listening to you eat .	3
I've had a very trying evening .	6
You're home a little early , aren't you ?	7
How long will they be ?	2
Why should I take the chance that I lose it ?	7
He's gonna let one of us go .	8
She had a bit of an accident back there .	4
I hope you like clowns .	1
You're fucking right .	1
OK . Are you ready ?	2
They've been running right by me all day , Kid .	1
Well , this looks like a cool color .	5
♪ Blow me down and pick me up ♪	8
He never make a fool of myself , ever .	8
It's like spending a weekend in [LOCATION] .	5
No , it's just ... I read in this thing that's what I'm supposed to do .	4
Let's get rolling , man .	2
I admit I was nervous .	4
Shall I open a vein and sign it in blood ?	3
We've got to get this man off the floor .	4
Correct ?	2
Sweet musical [PERSON] , that's your friend ?	1
They want names . I give them names .	1
[PERSON] , I don't know how to play this person , and I don't know who she is .	4
Get out of my way .	1
You knew nothing about DeVriess and you know even less about [PERSON] .	8
Sweetheart , who was that on the phone ?	2
Kaili ...	1
If you don't eat and sleep , you have to expect accidents like that .	6
The best ! - Mr. [PERSON] !	7
I think that's a splendid idea .	5
I'm going now to the church for confession .	4
You're not telling me anything I don't know .	1
My wife is in bad shape .	4
Leave your celery .	1
Madame is canceling the engagement ?	7
Now he's found me .	4
I hate to do this , but I think we better get him to a hospital .	4
[PERSON] , I need to talk to you about a call that just came in .	4
John , really , I was only trying to help you out , that's all .	6
Bye .	6
Were you alone ? - Yes .	7
Silly , it never occurred to me .	7
Can he stay here for a couple of days ?	2
Selah .  	7
Second floor secure . - Right .	8
We could be rich , if you say the word .	2
You mean [PERSON] was here ?	7
Miss Gamble , I will try to help you today .	8
My friend , I'm a happy man .	5
I can't believe anything you tell me now .	1
Oh , yes .	8
I could do wonders with your dismembered body .	3
Afraid not . dollars , please .	6
That's me ! '	2
Not bad for an old - timer , huh ? I'll say .	7
Hey , baby .	5
Sal , start counting my money tonight 'cause I gots to get paid .	2
He got kicked upstairs .	7
We're way out of our league !	3
What the fuck ... !	1
I ain't through talkin' with you yet !	4
It felt like an earthquake .	4
One thing ... Admiral [PERSON] only allowed us planes ...	4
We were answering ad after ad , after ad , and we were finding that every case , every one was , in fact , someone who was prostituting themselves , someone who was being trafficked .	1
Get back on the job .	1
It's gone now and I just can't afford to send you your pay cheques any more .	6
I told you I'd get those pearls tonight , didn't I ?	1
These men are loyal and devoted .	8
Now where the hell am I ?	1
I can suggest something ... ?	2
What made you think you could get in ?	7
Remind me to ask you later why your kisses don't seem quite the same .	6
You stay out of my way .	1
Goodbye , boys .	6
I'd like to see Nurse Lt. [PERSON] .	2
Let's have a word , sugar puss .	2
Yeah , that was real stupid of me .	3
You know what would happen if [PERSON] found out ?	4
Now , who's next ?	2
[PERSON] , I'm thinking of the baby !	1
[PERSON] , my dear fellow , I know just exactly what you have in mind , and I couldn't agree with you more .	8
Just what we been waitin' for .	5
Then there's nothing left for me .	6
I hate myself for not using cutaways .	6
I never thought I'd find myself in that crowd .	6
Yeah , probably he don't gonna run , which I don't name him a top jock to ride him .	6
You've got me worried , dear .	4
Are we ready ?	2
Yes . I'll meet you in [PERSON] .	2
Have a good time , sweetheart .	8
Recite the scriptures with me !	2
So here's the program . You're gonna tell me what is going on , and you're gonna tell me what ideas you have , if you have any .	6
Do you want to know everything ?	6
Hurry up .	1
A Hexenbiest with your powers could be a very valuable asset to someone who respects them .	8
You know , he's ... he's been so kind to me .	8
No , Mr. [PERSON] , please don't call ...	4
Leave it !	1
Take care of yourself .	8
The sea makes me seasick and I'm afraid of flying .	4
Hey , would you like to dance ?	2
Just a moment .	2
Where's [PERSON] ? Who cares ?	1
What the hell am I supposed to do now ?	4
Like I said , they'll call you if they need you .	1
That butcher , [PERSON] , he'll take head ... and butcher them himself .	4
You were so good .	8
Completely out of our hands . - I don't accept that . - It's out of your hands .	6
[PERSON] presses hard on every case , [PERSON] .	8
Seems like it takes a crisis to bring us together lately .	6
He's light - skinned , he loves his kids .	5
That it's , uh , you know ...	3
We can talk about it tonight .	8
You don't think I can smell it ?	1
Where's the bullets for this gun , man ?	1
That's very good .	5
He's getting farther away every second .	6
To do this , we had to harden our hearts against the suffering outside .	6
Of course , not with me .	8
You're attractive enough to be anything .	5
My sort of coming of age , which was hard ...	6
The gun , honey dripper .	3
Boiled down for his oils , lads , There'd be free grog for all hands ! If we could swallow it on top of his ...	5
And he was so sorry for locking me up .	6
That decorator is harder to get an appointment with than the mayor .	1
[PERSON] , nice to meet you .	5
Be that as it may , it is a loan .	8
What have you been drinking ?	3
This is what I'd like to have someday .	2
Who dares to ....	1
Neither the picture nor her career mean as much to her as being with her father in his time of need .	8
Any news yet ?	2
I thought we'd celebrate . Going to take us to dinner ?	2
Come to get high ? - Yeah .	8
I don't care if we got it !	1
You got that ?	1
You keep avoiding me .	6
I've been stuck here for 20 , years .	6
There's a certain amount of hurry up involved here . My life is in danger . Three ten .	4
Who , in your high school , has become homosexual or is deep into drugs ?	3
If it was the Royals , I'd be dead right now .	8
He's a friend of mine .	8
What for ?	1
Why don't you just start talking and let's see how it goes ?	8
I'll be okay .	2
Don't look so depressed .	6
He could go anytime . - Move . Move !	1
O dear me .	6
You threatened her if she told me .	1
No , I don't want no drink .	1
You fooled this young whippersnapper , but you didn't fool nobody else !	3
What the hell ? - To see if she was a Grimm .	7
Daddy , there are balloons floating away .	6
I can't fight you both .	4
You know when I realized that ?	7
[PERSON] ? No , we are a gang without money .	1
Are you OK ?	4
Your boy is sicker than we know .	4
I have but one life ... and that life is all too short for me to fulfill that destiny .	6
Fine , till you come along .	1
Yes , we have all been there , haven't we .	8
Now he's living in , his wife just bought half of [LOCATION] [LOCATION] and I'm sitting here pulling my putz .	1
Honey , if you change your mind , just let me know .	8
I'm looking for a girl .	2
If you discount the angina , the migraines and the gastritis , there's nothing wrong with me .	3
If your mother were alive , she'd be so happy .	5
That's very inspirational , [PERSON] .	5
All right , for those people on the street , if there's any trouble , collapse on the house . Those inside , stay inside .	4
Nobody eats that shit .	3
The law demands that I carry a certain legal reserve , and I do .	8
Ain't gonna get tied down with no girl .	1
I hate bankers .	3
He could shoot you and say you tried to run .	4
You're a good teacher , Frenchy !	8
I'm as good as [PERSON] ever was and I'm tired of being called a damn robot !	1
Lieutenant , what the hell is that thing ?	1
You ain't no Captain you and sure as hell ain't no [PERSON] .	3
It's the son of a bitch who painted this car , that's who . Yeah , that's what a real criminal is .	3
You don't seem the least bit worried about the pending charges against your secretary .	7
Do you have a boyfriend ?	2
Find out where he hides them deeds and all the stuff he's been stealin' .	3
I will not have an officer from my battalion working as a coolie .	1
I want you to have a heart attack and die so we never have to do this again .	3
He suffered me to buy him a new suit ... and to get him a job at his old hospital .	7
Did the admiral want to see me about my beard ?	2
We're gonna come out dead !	4
If you're guides there , I'll kill your family .	1
What ? [PERSON] has an exemplary record with the bureau .	1
And those working in the [LOCATION] Project developing the atom bomb were told that any secrets that they disclose would result in ten years in prison , or an equivalent of a $ , fine .	3
I should've killed him when I had the chance down in [LOCATION] .	1
I'd prefer it if it was you .	8
Well , let them see me .	2
I think you will find it interesting , Miss [PERSON] .	2
May I ? May I ?	2
Let's finish with pretending .	1
What are you gonna do if one of them catches you ?	4
Nice party .	5
You stupid cow !	1
Still love me ?	4
What is this ? My son needs his rest .	1
On , on !	2
Having fun ?	2
Ho , ho ! - Ho ! - Ho , ho , ho !	5
What is more sensitive than the development of the hydrogen bomb prior to its detonation ?	4
My friends and I would like to party with five of your girls in [LOCATION]'s Pen .	2
I really liked him . I did .	6
The masses love to worship their idols	1
I love tits as much as any guy ... . . but why would I pay some hag money for some supernatural chicanery ... . . coupled with sagging , wrinkled boobs ?	3
Fine . Actually , perfect .	1
You're gonna find out .	4
That's fascinating .	5
Hey , professor ! Where are you goin' ?	2
Here we go again .	4
The service in this hotel is terrible !	3
But he's dead .	6
There she was , the world's number one symbol of desirability , on display all over the world's number one showroom , with the world's number one customers wanting to buy , and nobody wrapped her up and took her home .	4
This town likes its nasty little , backstairs gossip .	3
What the hell are you trying to do to me ?	1
We got the right ship .	8
Thank you , [PERSON] .	8
Good boy . Very good boy .	8
Hey Prospect !	1
[PERSON] ! - He was right about the motel .	8
Fantastic .	5
Now , you look good .	5
You should've been there , [PERSON] .	1
And listen , I want to thank you so much for helping us with this .	8
They behead people at noon	3
I'll take care of everything .	8
You get beaten though , don't you ?	4
Lads , they're drunk .	3
You knew that file didn't have a damn thing to do with my case .	1
Hang on , hang on .	2
Well , I don't know . [PERSON] told me to bring it out this weekend so he can have a first look at it .	3
It wouldn't take that long if we had the right kind of government .	3
That gal's got you all messed up .	3
I wish I could believe that .	6
All right , you big bastard , come on .	3
Respond .	1
I love you !	8
Marry her !	2
Here . Relax , fella .	8
What are you doing here , [PERSON] ?	7
You can't kill him .	6
That's right , sister .	8
Why aren't they over Diamond Head ?	7
That ... that seducer and despoiler must be stopped .	3
Why can't we have pancakes ?	6
What more do you want ?	1
It's my mission , for six months ... Shut it !	1
Should we call him ?	2
You're a credit risk .	3
It's like they're running an errand , and they happen to spot the one they love across the street running a different errand .	7
Careful , brother .	4
Where'd you get it ?	2
The more you find out about us [PERSON] , the more impressive we become .	5
This is an unscheduled surprise .	7
Can't make out her name tag .	1
Just take your meat and get out .	1
For these and all my sins of my past life , I am heartily sorry .	6
So me and my partner bolt up the stairs , somebody is screaming bloody murder ...	4
You're no hero , so don't worry about it .	3
My Xobile will do just fine , gentlemen .	8
I was hoping you'd be an example for him .	8
Dear , a mere child .	3
Eat shit !	1
If it was in all states , not good .	4
He'd been innocent !	7
Go to hell .	1
I know her far better than you do .	1
I'm paralysed with happiness !	5
And you shouldn't neglect your gums .	7
I have to work .	6
Oh , [PERSON] would be mighty proud of you if you won yourself $ , .	2
We can work all that out later , too .	2
Don't answer it .	4
I'll hit him !	1
But I'm her spiritual adviser .	7
You kissed him on the mouth ? - It was nice .	5
A little dicey doing a background on an FBI agent .	1
She flipped and tried to kill herself .	6
Then why you stand here , breaking my balls ?	1
Don't leave me now .	4
I'll get even with you . I'll get even with you .	1
I have a soft spot for that patriotic stuff .	2
I thank you all for your continued service .	8
Did the Lord say : His Pa is a sinner and not meant to be happy ?  - No . 	1
You are probably an embezzler .	3
I can't help myself .	6
Oh , yeah , great !	5
You're one pain in the ass I don't need .	3
You're a fucking dead man !	1
Are you sure you want to escape from it ?	3
Hey . What the hell was that ?	1
The [PERSON]'s a floating mistake .	8
We ain't forgetting who you are !	1
It's just that we have our annual audit coming up and I thought I should probably stay put .	2
She won't , and you'll be unhappy .	1
We can say fate brought us together .	8
Was the city trying to strike a deal with the drug lords ?	1
I'm having a birthday party Saturday .	2
At this picture With your mother in bed	5
How tragic .	6
Are you in here ? Yes !	8
We .	8
Oh , she did !	5
You done it .	5
You think you have free license to be insulting ?	3
I cast thee back to hell !	1
Nobody's gonna hurt you .	8
Punch him , [PERSON] !	8
Where the hell is Special Weapons ?	1
It's on the map as being here .	1
He wasn't much of a man .	3
You're gonna be out for as long as it takes -- weeks , weeks , however long .	8
You men are a disgrace .	3
I hadn't heard you'd sold the place .	7
I'm awfully sorry .	6
You're lying !	3
Oh yeah . I had been knocked out in the pub after a shotgun to the head .	1
Hundred dollars a night ?	7
I never thought we'd die here	4
Give me some information . Something . Anything !	1
I thought it read like a cheap , dime - store novel .	3
Well , we won't tell anybody about that , okay ?	4
Wait a minute . While you had what's - her - name sitting on your face ...	7
I sit here and I can't believe that it happened .	7
Captain , was [PERSON] wasted ?	6
Gentlemen , we'll get to the business of the evening .	2
[PERSON] , tell [PERSON] I want to see him .	2
One matters of saying to us , Mr. [PERSON] , where it was in the Monday afternoon , day of June ?	1
We have a democratic process , where all these sort of sensitive issues will be handled legally , we do not .	1
Well , I know a few of the guys .	5
Why don't you sit in with us on it ?	2
I want you to make a little phone call for me .	8
The piece of chalk had written so many things on the blackboard that it believed it knew all about everything .	3
You'll be told after you sail .	1
I'd like to introduce you to ...	2
Uh , people will get hurt .	4
We lost them ! I think we lost them ! - Thank God !	7
Why would they arrest you , Father ?	7
Hey , warden ! Catch !	2
No , thank you . No , thanks .	1
Started spending every night together .	2
You're our best shot .	8
I didn't know I had one .	7
The brooding eyes ...	2
I thought he didn't have any trusted friends except you .	7
I'm sorry if I spoiled a print .	6
From now on we are .	5
I'll make sure your journey is safe	8
You homo !	3
All's I'm excited about , [PERSON] ... if that horse is gonna run , I'm gonna be on him .	2
So there really is someone named [PERSON] -[PERSON] !	7
I hate these things .	1
Did I say something wrong ?	6
Have you forgotten it ?	7
Our horse is entered in the seventh race tomorrow .	2
Fog your mind so you can't remember a darn thing .	1
Occupational hazard ?	4
Grandfather , I think it's a good day to die .	6
There sure is gonna be some interesting people at that party .	2
Shut up and put your hat on !	1
What'll we drink to ?	2
Nothing but talk .	3
Mishnev is still dead .	6
Isn't there a guard ?	7
Ah , there he is .	5
So we know where to look .	2
There he is !	2
Your parents have been calling all day long .	1
I don't mind saying that I was scared because [PERSON] is known as a shooter .	8
The children of my world will have no more stories to read .	6
You can shoot us now .	6
Yo , [PERSON] . Hey , how you doing ?	2
That's disgusting !	3
[PERSON] , don't you remember ?	7
Take my head to the emperor Maybe it will move him	1
I only hope it isn't too high for you here .	4
A bomb ?	4
That's why I'm takin' off , like right now .	2
Help yourself .	8
Surprise , surprise .	1
I was threatened .	4
These things just are not made for long rides . Nice set of wheels .	5
It's a beautiful story , whatever the reason .	5
You break the brake .	1
They can't fire both of us , right ?	4
But I won't know till tomorrow , along about noon .	2
But you have to make a change to your life , put in some effort .	6
One particular night we just finished our refueling mission ,	2
I thought of you .	8
That's not gonna happen .	1
Don't listen to him or we'll all be slaughtered .	1
It sometimes never goes away . How you talk .	6
The girls have so little time .	6
I don't care , it's not mine .	8
That's a nice outfit .	5
Poor lamb .	6
Well , there's something I've always wanted to ask . Will [PERSON] ever become president ?	2
That's very thoughtful , Junior , but these are Mom's private drawers .	8
Why don't you do your sorry ass a favor ?	3
Give the old man a drink .	1
But she can't say that , which means all [PERSON] stole was a meaningless stack of papers .	2
I'll give you a cigar . All right .	5
You have been my friend and patron .	8
The back door !	7
We could have been killed .	4
One , that I don't mess up as a manager .	4
The fairy tale again .	1
You're wanted in Plot .	2
We look forward to ...	2
Where are you taking it ? - To the hospital .	6
My mama's gone to the Lord .	6
If you lay a hand on her ...	1
That's what foxes me .	1
You'll have parades in your honour .	8
Oh , [PERSON] ! God !	4
How the hell are you going to give it to me in public ?	4
How kind .	8
He thinks it's a wonderful evening and then she takes a handful of pills and overdoses .	1
I know how to listen , if that's what you mean .	1
I tell you , gentlemen , we have a problem on our hands .	4
Why would she come here at all ?	1
I'm very fond of my wife and kid .	5
It's terrible what happened to him .	6
It's my fault .	6
Round everybody up , pat them down . Let's get EOD in here . You got it .	2
Bless me , Father , for I have sinned .	6
Shalakazam .	8
Trying to kill me . Is that it ?	1
Never , not even for a minute , I believed that you had been .	8
I can not believe I am forced to defend myself once again for the actions of a criminal .	1
If he is to be sacrificed before [PERSON] , why is he not painted red ?	7
If you don't hurry ...	4
What do you think of a man who's unfaithful to his wife ?	3
( laughs ) I know how you feel .	5
And for this reason , the time has now arrived for the beginning of a very serious discussion about the philosophical and theological questions that are posed to our human family by the discovery of extraterrestrial life .	2
He has the most beautiful hands I ever saw .	5
Well , let's look on the bright side .	5
Careful , that's hot !	4
That's confusing the issue .	7
One of the best .	8
I'm shaky .	4
Mrs [PERSON] has fixed the grandest dinner .	5
I told you to not let them out of your sight !	1
Now take these light bulbs out back and don't break 'em .	8
Well ... it ain't French , but ...	8
Didn't he tell you that the mess boys ate the strawberries ?	2
We've got nothing to wear . What about our habits ?	3
Well , I love a drink .	5
That's him !	1
And none of us used to carry guns .	3
This is too weird .	3
It's not like they'll miss it .	3
I intend to .	2
I like [PERSON] , because I always know where he stands .	5
I mistakenly trusted these demons and slaughtered righteous officials To atone for my sins	6
I think he's been recording my telephone .	4
Anything that benefits the state is mighty important to me .	8
It's a disease .	3
They let you in again ?	3
And I'm warning you .	1
Oh , great , [PERSON] .	8
No time to be shy , ladies .	2
It's as if ordinary human beings , living ordinary lives , had suddenly vanished from the [LOCATION] , and the world was suddenly full of butterflies shaped like people .	7
That's twice you've let me down , kid .	1
What's the matter with you two ?	1
How many ? = All of us . - Sorry , not enough room .	4
It's like having a beast ... wild within me ,	3
This ? Do you know what this is ?	7
Apparently [PERSON] smells like [LOCATION] too .	7
God - damn it !	1
Lucky you .	5
I love a persistent wall .	5
Around about midnight , the ghosts and banshees get together for nightly jamborees .	4
Could a battalion cross those peaks at night ?	2
I'll go with you .	2
I can't get this blasted thing started .	1
I am dying , and The Nautilus is dying with me .	6
It's certainly a pleasure to see you .	5
He humiliated me !	1
Even God wouldn't believe it !	7
You won't get him .	6
Usually , I just reach out my hand , and obstacles disappear .	5
Three of your neighbors were killed last night .	6
You go when I tell you to go .	1
It was nice of your mother to let you come .	5
Right this way .	2
Bibbidi ... Bobbidi ... Boo .	5
Fire it up . And it usually results in casualties .	2
Lunatics !	3
Wait till you hear what's going down . It's strange .	2
Good afternoon , Mr. [PERSON] !	5
Get up ! They won't fuck with us in the water ! Come on !	3
I want you to meet somebody .	5
[PERSON]'s out of his mind .	4
Eighteen years on the force , six on Narcotics , four on Safe and Loft and the guy's never fired a gun .	3
I wouldn't give two cents for all your fancy rules if behind them they didn't have plain , ordinary everyday kindness .	1
That's a good sign .	2
He forgot ?	1
Right now she has murder in her heart .	3
Here it comes .	2
And I'll get a good price .	5
Don't worry . I'll handle it .	8
Wait till somebody gets killed ?	1
I tell you what , this is fate . That's what this is .	8
Where were you this morning ?	2
They must have been tracking her or waiting for her to show up .	3
But , Mr. [PERSON] , what about ... ?	4
Excuse me , sir . Exactly how obscene an amount of money were you talking about ?	7
You are here looking for a friend ?	7
Come on ! Come on ! - No !	1
What the hell does  it purport to describe ? 	7
We're not all masochists .	3
As long as you're here , let me show you the books ... so you can see how bad a businessman I am .	6
A woman who drinks is bad enough and I will not stand for a woman cursing and blaspheming God .	1
There I disagree with you .	1
Why didn't you tell me before ?	1
This is a very sad day for me .	6
Your Highness slept well ?	8
And Barley ?	2
Very funny .	5
My father tried to help her .	6
I wake up in the middle of the night and laugh at them .	5
Oh my God ! So cute !	5
I want a room , a big room .	2
Yes , get me coffee .	2
Tommy The Machine  [PERSON] ! 	2
I was told : , and it's already been an hour .	1
You stay and cook one of your raw dinners .	3
Don't worry about these .	4
The doc just looked at us and shook his head .	6
He who wears the ring ... ♪ Help !	4
I've had a thousand chances to kill you , dirty , sell out cop .	3
An enemy had saved my life by the violent murder of one of my best friends .	4
A lie .  	3
And whoever it was tried to murder me , too .	4
I'm just not certain it's the right thing .	4
I guess it's not in here . - I guess not .	3
You can tell the [LOCATION] that's just the beginning !	1
How awful .	6
Absolutely . Please , go and see them .	8
Why don't you go back and play hero in your own world , Earthling ?	3
Monster ! He's hiding my [PERSON] !	3
I'm trying to find some peace with this and you're not helping .	1
I thought it was all over .	7
Right now , I wish it had been .	3
Your chest again .	7
I think that people would stop looking at each other with a certain level of hostility , like , we do now .	6
I wan na see him ...	2
Dovitch , I can't wait to tell you about my feature for the next issue .	2
Sunday afternoon , [PERSON] will bring your video machine and some tapes and a plant .	2
There they are !	5
You don't like what you're doing ?	7
Weren't you reprimanding a seaman for having his shirt - tail out . - - While the ship turned degrees ?	1
No , no , no . lt's Saturday night , man .	3
You walk awful fast for a little thing don't you ?	7
Drop it , okay ?	1
She has cellulite . I wish we could get her to stop eating so much .	3
I - I'm in here .	4
Is this the time , or I am blind ?	7
He did ?	7
Despised him .	3
Oh , my God , we're being kidnapped .	4
♪ - Oh ! - ( Laughing )	5
Think you can pick one of them out of there and be your pet ?	2
You have a resemblance to him .	7
There . Have no fear , my son .	8
Don't kick me , I won't shut up .	1
Better than yours .	1
The fucker was holdin' on till he could scrounge a job .	3
We were robbed !	1
[LOCATION] laughed at my theory .	6
You could call me a freak of nature .	6
Why the hell not ?	1
He'll be all right .	5
Are you still mad about [LOCATION] ?	7
How did it go , [PERSON] ?	2
As medical officer , I protest to the way he's being treated .	1
Do I have to bother with that shit ?	3
No , I have not been away all that time .	6
[PERSON] ! What the -- ?	1
You're an asshole .	3
Everybody just loves [PERSON] .	8
It's too stupid . Perhaps .	6
[PERSON] ! Murderer !	4
You're really the tolerant type , [PERSON] !	7
Follow me , please .	2
Last time I saw him , he threw up scrambled eggs out of his nose on the way to the library .	6
Not a care in the world .	5
Look at all these happy families .	7
Pablo !	1
[PERSON] , open your fucking eyes !	1
She's a good person .	8
It's just when you say these things are closing in on me , it's like a nightmare .	4
Ah , you should have stuffed her in the car with the friend .	6
Just promise him .	8
Sit down , we were worried about you .	1
Isn't this just fabulous ?	5
Halt !	1
[PERSON] , this is intolerable !	3
Isn't that what we planned for six months in your bedroom ?	7
She was so kind of offering hospitality to seven of my compatriots , refugees of our birth - place .	8
Siegfried dealt the king a mortal blow .	5
Where's [PERSON]'s old lady , man ? ,	7
Nothing to worry about .	2
He's killing me .	4
That monster is so tall , it'll see us if he stands up straight	2
I'll go with them !	2
The last mass trials were a great success .	5
Check it out .	2
Duck !	7
They refused to even participate .	1
You watch me .	8
The Navy can't do without me here , the island might sink !	1
Just give me a sign .	8
From now on I want you to report directly to me and only to me .	8
One time , I , uh , I lost my car .	6
♪ Ooh , ooh , ooh ♪ ♪ There was Mermaid Minnie ♪	6
Would you stop harrassing her ?	1
Please , let's go !	4
I don't know ... Maybe the batteries are dead .	4
Not exactly funny , it's just that you're so different from your son .	7
Thank God you answered .	5
How'd you like to spend the rest of your life with Shooter ?	2
I , on the other hand , had beaten them at their own system and subsequently [PERSON] rather effortlessly , floating up from mere marketing through the corridors of policy and on to the board and along the way promoting [PERSON]	2
[PERSON]'s already been up my ass so far I won't be able to sit down for a week .	1
We don't have to give you a cent .	1
Why don't you put this on ?	2
Are you gonna shoot me ?	4
Ever since I put on gloves I've wanted to meet you .	2
I just wan na feel better .	6
[PERSON] , how long has it been since I said I love you ?	6
I'd like you to stay at my house .	8
You're going to the police ?	7
And you wouldn't give a bent kopeck for his chances , the way he kept admitting over and over that he killed the old lady .	1
Willy will soon be here .	2
But it's now the military industrial intelligence complex that are moving bureaucratically towards establishing dominion and control over the entire democratic process in the country .	4
Damn .	1
I wan na marry you .	8
I need you to help me .	8
Why would they change it now ?	7
We can't keep riding with our stern to the wind .	6
All right , fine . Let's do it .	8
Promise me ?	8
We always had a good time .	5
Watch your back .	4
You're not getting anywhere , are you ?	1
[PERSON] , will you let me finish ?	1
We saw a real - life example of this last week ...	3
Life , every now and then , behaves as if it had seen too many bad movies .	3
And the island is surrounded by warships .	8
We don't know where the hell we are .	4
Let go . All right .	6
If they track you down , it wouldn't be our doing .	4
Be well , [PERSON] .	2
Sorry , sister .	6
Here [PERSON] is .	5
She's gonna kill him , [PERSON] .	4
Yeah . I'm okay .	8
I guess it's all right if we drive up there , isn't it ?	8
You wait till you see what I do to him !	1
Now what's all this ?	7
Yeah . I'm not really in any hurry .	2
Isabel , you look very lovely tonight .	7
I was starting to miss the old [PERSON] , and now this has happened , and it just ... It feels ... it feels so final , you know ?	6
I guess [PERSON] was about the prettiest , with all that long , yellow hair .	5
Might be it needs dragging up .	4
Do you approve ?	2
I'm talking about you .	1
Silence !	3
Hi ! - Woman : How are you ?	2
We'll never get to the airport .	4
It's rather funny .	5
Good morning .	5
Those of you in favor of these articles , raise your right hands and say aye !	8
This is junk .	3
So far so good , senor .	5
And just what do you want me to do ?	1
What a welcome !	5
We've been ambushed by the very forces That you wish to trade with .	1
What's going on ?	4
You don't park here either .	1
I don't care in the least what he does .	3
Yes , well , I don't know anything about it .	4
Doc , can I go with you to the AA meeting ?	8
Yeah . What did you ask up , buddy ?	2
Gee whiz , so many things happening all at once .	4
But the crisis is now , sir .	4
Sir !	8
Well , you're quite welcome , son .	8
Ghosts !	4
For a boy , it was a kind of paradise .	5
I think this is the greatest day I've ever spent .	5
At least you'll find English hospitality better than they found Spanish .	5
Nah , I just stick to weed now .	1
I don't owe you jack shit .	1
He can't get a clear shot !	6
It was them that fucked up .	1
But you would have gone ...	6
Because there are many Generals and Admirals and very good officers I had met with who have enormous responsibility that everyone if you pulled a thousand people on the street ,	8
$ , for a taxi !	7
That's the kind of kid I want .	8
Are you joking ?	7
Somebody , help us .	4
Don't look right or left .	4
Yeah , ever since , uh , [PERSON] joined the firm , he's been trying to marry me off .	6
We are not important .	6
Thank you , [PERSON] . Thank you very much , man .	8
Even with her being as broken as she is , she shares so much love .	8
Miss [PERSON] , I've been looking for you .	2
Hey ! What's up ?	7
We're going to celebrate .	2
Why [PERSON] , what are you doing here ?	7
That looks really good .	2
With your brain and my strength , there is nothing we can not do .	8
Just because he's got a big ranch and a fancy pool and a lovely house doesn't mean he's a nice guy .	3
I've got a little problem .	2
But I'm not sure anything else makes sense right now .	4
It was , uh , bound in human flesh , inked in blood .	7
But I will come back .	2
My new car !	6
Wanted for horse - thieving down in Seven Rivers , ain't you ?	3
These young turks , hell . Their efficiency system is just a cover .	1
We have one more outstanding piece of business , the Supreme Court nominee .	5
You're a liar !	1
Tell him it's none of his business .	1
Look at me !	1
I thought it was a good speech .	5
I want to leave Mr Case's employment .	2
Where is your courage , Comrade [PERSON] ?	3
Keep your men here !	1
Well , it was nice , wasn't it ?	5
Script girl .	7
I'll tell you what I think it was .	2
They're unbelievable .	7
What happened to you ?	4
If you let me stay with you , I'll tell you .	2
There's some problems .	4
Including this latest brainstorm . I think you will do an amazing job .	8
This can't go on , it's ridiculous .	1
It's delicious , [PERSON] !	5
So , what happened after he climbed up the tower and rescued her ?	2
Alright , let's go , come on ...	2
I think it's safe .	8
Give us water !	4
Tell me publishing dates . 	2
If we don't get that money , how's [PERSON] gonna go to seattle ?	4
Do you think you'd feel any better if I fixed you some toast and coffee ?	8
As if he isn't going to be hurt enough , she has to twist a knife in him too .	3
Yes , but he's in his office ... [PERSON] , can you believe this ? They just faxed me the chewgood numbers .	5
Consequently , you've been selected to hold the key position in the coming ' festivities .	8
I'm satisfied to be the father .	5
Smoke , fire , oppressive heat , as Colombian and Jamaican drug fiends again transform [LOCATION] into a slaughterhouse .	3
It's been swell .	5
And no promises on the sentence .	3
He'll come here first .	2
But , you see , if this thing here controls you , it's gonna burn you and everythin' else around you up . That's right .	4
Hello . [PERSON] , is that you ?	2
Mom . Nice to see you . - Hello .	2
Do you think we can get away with squirrel ?	2
In case it slipped your mind , it's gunnery stations at .	3
First I thought it was a. . .	4
Thank you very much .	8
Tragic .	6
I didn't want him to find me .	6
It means I got my own lead . I saw a guy in the bar a couple of hours ago .	8
collect the scratch ! - What about him ?	2
Good to see you .	5
Your son is sleeping there .	1
I'll be out in a minute . - There's no hurry .	1
I hear you get a nice pension from the government after 20 , years .	5
I think they're gonna kill you with the press too .	4
Oh yeah , that's you .	3
Do not ruin kamoja .	1
Well , I. . . my dad was a high - powered accountant .	4
You really should be AM and FM ...	6
He's touched .	5
[PERSON] , make them pipe down .	1
I love the moment of their death , when I am one with [PERSON] .	5
I'm going to stay with you .	8
Move !	1
I get seasick . I absolutely hate boats .	3
This is not a drill .	1
What'd you just say ?	7
This has gone too far now , huh ?	4
Hello ?	7
I just want to be alone .	6
I thought he was sick .	7
You're just the cop I'm looking for .	8
Except when you're throwin' up in the back of [PERSON]'s Chevelle .	3
I don't want any connection to this precinct . If you do it , don't do it here .	1
You and [PERSON] will be doing the dirty crockery alone this evening .	3
But there is a great deal of evidence that they are concerned with our hostility .	4
Sit down .	1
Just what we don't need around here , some scrawny , milk - drinking ...	3
You're perfect .	8
Wonderful !	5
Why are you smiling , you silly bastard ?	3
Shoddy work will not do .	3
How are you going to sing ?	7
We've heard from Kennedy Approach that we've run into a traffic problem .	4
And He was sent to save us .	8
All the flight crew is ... either dead or ... or badly injured .	4
This is better , it's made out of real cotton .	5
She's always in the bathroom !	1
Let all that breathe partake	2
It has a wonderful ring .	5
I can still smell her aroma .	6
Do you know what kind of car we have , isaac ?	2
I'll give it to you , [PERSON] .	8
Get in touch with them . Meet us at the border .	2
It's a bitter substitute .	6
This ain't your personal little war , you know .	1
Does he need anyone else's help ?	2
Maybe I should just go back to the clinic ?	2
I'm not going down there to get a tan .	1
You made an oath to obey the law .	2
No more out of Mr. fucking [PERSON] .	1
Yeah , I knew it ! He said it's only a guess ! I still say it's p.M.S.	7
Somebody ! Open the fridge , damn it !	1
You know the rules about smoking .	1
You're afraid of me .	4
Pleased to meet you . - Nice to meet you .	8
You're making me look bad .	1
Go home !	1
Same place you left your table manners ?	3
( imitates monkey gibbering )	2
Isn't that what's wrong with the world today ?	6
It should come to life for every boy .	5
How did we end up talking about your death from my drug test ? I don't understand .	6
If one of them followed you , there's got to be more of them around .	4
And a bad king is bad king , and worse one if he's [PERSON] .	3
Guys , look !	2
[PERSON] , no !	4
When have you had a date ?	1
He doesn't want any trouble with anyone .	8
They're burying ' us alive !	4
You got something to say about our plan ?	1
Well , if there's been a mistake , it's yours .	1
Mom , you must have had a bad dream , that's all .	4
The latter , I will be again , because I have managed to reduce a national election down to one state .	2
His wife is calling from the cellar .	7
She would be pained to hear you say that .	6
We can attend to your needs .	8
The chaplain will pray .	2
Use your influence , [PERSON] .	8
Dig deeper on the [LOCATION] lead .	2
You can always find somebody to set you up , right ?	1
If he likes running his fingers through my hair , well , why not ?	5
[PERSON] , you got a cigarette ?	2
There's nothing we can do about it .	4
The blood of [LOCATION] knows all truth .	2
She's exhausted , but she's okay .	8
Not mentally .	6
Strange men , you mean ?	7
Of course you're not crazy .	8
That son of a bitch is getting away with it .	1
I just needed a break .	6
I just want you to like me . I want to be your friend .	2
It's my party and I'll cry if I want to	1
I yielded once before and was practically never heard of again .	6
It's looking for us .	4
And he's trying to save [PERSON] .	2
But there's no dirt in here . - I know .	7
I don't need you to tell me what our priorities are , [PERSON] .	3
I'm a frightened tramp .	4
He's gonna kill her .	4
God , I love you !	5
And I'd like to get to know all of you by having you write down your name , address , your home and work phone on paper , and passing it forward .	2
I was sure it would meet with your approval .	8
Yeah , I might be going to Yale .	2
I've told you that a dozen times .	1
Have a nice day at the office , honey .	8
Now get the smile off your face .	1
Oh , God , please help .	4
You've been to the top of the Sistine Chapel ?	7
Need a little help .	8
Unlock the door .	2
I worked for you .	4
And if you were my friend , you'd do the same thing .	8
I live in one room for 8 , years and I'm tired of it .	6
I've waited a long time for this .	2
There's no fucking handle !	1
What a mess .	3
[PERSON] is coming tomorrow night .	2
Why'd you stop ?	7
Come on . The whole point of these takeovers is to sell off the assets and put old farts like me out to pasture .	1
Why is it that you know so much about them ?	7
I ain't got any money .	6
Just sit back there , relax , and enjoy life .	5
Come off !	1
What the hels going on ? 	1
[GAY SLUR] everywhere .	3
My wife , poor girl .	6
Sorry about the Chiefs , [PERSON] .	6
They would be bugging your phone , surveilling you hours a day , and they wouldn't have tipped you by sending [PERSON] . I -	4
If you press here , you can make drawings .	2
One man muzzling a whole state ?	7
Do you think it's an epidemic like the flu ?	4
I'll use my magic to banish them !	1
And the kid you're taking off ... you give him , .	7
I'm looking for JR.	2
[PERSON] could've been killed by that intruder .	4
He runs the best parish in the archdiocese , and he's a good man .	8
Where are they taking you ?	2
Of course .	8
It's very funny , [PERSON] . Don't move !	5
Hold it , not yet !	1
Acknowledging defeat is never easy .	6
Whoa ! [PERSON] !	7
That's lovely .	5
I object to you coming here .	1
What's up , boss ?	2
Listen to this , there were some hard drives in the copy store that belonged to Sandstorm's fixer .	7
Oh , shit , he's here .	4
Judge [PERSON] .	1
Go get them , kid .	8
And this smog doesn't help anyway .	3
You too !	5
[PERSON] ? ! Are you Elder [PERSON] traveling incognito ?	7
But everyone pretended he could walk ?	7
It was an avalanche .	4
Yes sir , the thrill of the open road .	2
Just do it .	8
What about after you finish up ?	2
This afternoon I want you to fly to [LOCATION] and see the distributors .	2
Thanks very much .	8
We can relax now .	5
Sir , is human life at stake ?	4
Enough to spread you out like a crazy woman's quilt .	3
He stepped in front of a bullet for me once caught it in his left hand and shoved it up the punk's ass .	3
Six straight wins and a whole new rash of penalty minutes .	5
And when the shooting starts ... she'll be there to look after the girls .	8
To forget one day your only obsession :	1
Welcome ! Welcome !	5
Yes , well , she's a stupid woman .	3
I doubt a court of inquiry will accept that .	6
I'm sure there is a very logical explanation for all this .	8
Take care of you .	2
Well , [PERSON] was very insistent that I should give you a call .	2
That last part , there's something off about it .	6
I'm going to testify about [PERSON]'s conduct of the Polhemus investigation .	2
We were just going to dance .	2
No , some day I'm really going to [LOCATION] .	2
I resolve you ... Absolve you !	8
Get in the car !	1
Fate and too many painkillers .	6
I thought your little cousin was going to sell the stock .	7
Don't pretend you don't know the reason .	1
Didn't you tell me to call you in five minutes ?	1
Well , you know what I think ? I think you wouldn't be here if she did nothing wrong .	1
You're right . I don't have to come , but I wan na tell you something .	8
Sorry , nothin' but beer .	6
Double six . Ouch .	7
Now , let's get back to our examination . Shall we ?	1
My , we're a jolly crew , aren't we ?	5
Bastard !	1
I didn't give orders for a halt .	1
Thank you again , Mr. [PERSON] , for letting me take a look .	2
I don't feel so good .	6
Yeah , yeah , I'm aware of the regulations .	8
What if we had dinner ? I give up .	8
That's a lot of love , to give up the money he's making .	7
Arguing's pretty much in my blood .	6
Like what ?	7
[PERSON]'s loaded to her fingertips with love for you .	5
How could he say a thing like that ?	1
The only reasonable explanation is a germ , a bacteria or a virus , that has a mind - altering effect .	4
Take off that collar !	1
To cover it up .	7
I don't think so and I don't care and I don't have the time .	1
The cops found [PERSON]'s trust .	1
Reluctantly , I may add .	1
It could get you in trouble .	4
[PERSON] , I want to show you our town .	2
You think it was me that beat you ?	6
How do you know how to do all of this ?	7
I brought you some strawberries .	8
Four minutes to bomb time .	4
What the fuck is this ?	1
You want to sit around drinking and feeling sorry for yourself .	3
I'd like to meet him , Rock .	2
Tough shit !	1
The coach was robbed and [PERSON] killed .	4
Well , I'll tell you one thing .	8
Shit ! [PERSON]'s got a streamer !	1
I'll push , but I don't think you'll see them any sooner .	2
What are you driving at ?	1
They won't go .	3
Anybody for buying a round ?	2
We have diddly - shit .	1
The queen is never powerless .	8
I want to tell you , [PERSON] , you've done a marvelous job .	8
When she left me , I lost all pride .	6
The devil himself !	3
I'm stuck with guys down here that are too dumb to roll rocks down a steep hill .	3
We've simply got to convince you that you're going to serve the right cause .	8
I don't chase the nines .	6
[PERSON] was that he had a co-conspirator who laundered the money for him , but no one could figure out who it was .	1
Shut up ! - I want out of here .	1
We're celebrating .	5
It is a lot of crap , sir .	3
Now , don't be a child .	3
The sea is nice , take my advice	5
Those boys just destroyed my station house and two of my cars .	3
What aren't you telling me ?	2
The one that you and [PERSON] ditched .	6
That guy must write real slow .	3
No man , woman or beast will ever desire you again .	3
Sign it !	2
How could I have forgotten about [PERSON] ?	6
Junior , he loves cats .	5
Why did you change words in the middle of the sentence ?	7
It's been fun meeting you .	5
All right , [PERSON] .	8
It's unbelievable .	7
He's in love .	5
Please , he'll crush them into wine , honey .	4
You want my honest evaluation of this team ?	8
You're doin' fine , you're doin' just fine .	8
Th - the news I wanted to tell you .	4
That's very funny .	5
I don't want to sound like a Debbie the [PERSON] , but no matter how many times you come up against the Communications Decency Act it's always gonna shut you down .	6
It could work if the government would spend more money .	6
That's the biggest pot yet .	7
I regret your aggressiveness , [PERSON] .	3
I wasn't anywhere near here !	1
This should work , it's from Harvard .	8
I'm gonna straighten you out once and for all !	1
Sunny [LOCATION] will not be that tomorrow .	6
Hold this for me , will you , pal ?	8
All right , mister , you know the routine .	2
[PERSON] , move it !	1
Poor boy .	6
Yeah , you might say that .	5
She can't stay off that kidney machine too long .	4
Nothing at [LOCATION] .	3
Came out and took off . I stayed with him .	8
You still race ?	2
His skin . Like a bone or a tendon .	3
Don't you think she's paid her dues ?	8
That's how friends roll .	5
Everybody out , now !	1
Ha , a bit bourgeois , don't you think ?	5
I guess she doesn't have nowhere else to go .	6
[PERSON] and [PERSON] . They make the mafia look like Brownies .	1
How come we're just getting it ?	7
If I find anything out before you get back , I'll telephone you here .	2
Who let you in ?	7
We know exactly what that man has the potential to be .	8
Your meal will be served presently	2
Are you happy now , yeah ?	1
I didn't mean anything bad .	6
Reel her in . Steady .	2
They and the page boys are the only real class in the place .	3
God , you're the one who kidnapped him .	1
We're gonna go camping tonight . - This is my tent .	2
Hu , our hourses ' hoofs - are rigid They won't move !	1
Oh , [PERSON] , she was just great !	5
[PERSON] was right . You are lovely .	5
What was the movie about ?	2
Yes . You know the nun you spoke to last night ?	2
Oh tots !	2
It's not negotiable , [PERSON] .	1
Forget it , that's enough .	1
I didn't spy on him	8
Stick your nose back in this county , and you'll never see daylight again .	4
Well , I was wondering if you could hold something for me .	8
Oh , my goodness .	7
What if they trace that call ?	4
I didn't see him , but he hit me .	4
I'm not at my best over the phone .	6
They are perfectly safe .	8
I'm not stupid , OK ?	1
They told me you wouldn't see me .	7
And make some primo dinner reservations at [LOCATION] . For o'clock .	8
Are you happy to see me ?	2
It took me a week to find this crap .	1
But in that case , We are no more guilty than the rest of the world .	6
In jail for years and they suddenly found it was another chap .	6
It's going to be a long night .	6
To avoid bringing disgrace upon a clean and honourable state .	6
Don't worry , he'll be along .	8
I can't understand half of them and I used to be a lawyer .	6
Of course , it's absurd that a priest would be involved .	7
I don't know .	2
Very handsome .	2
That'll be nice .	5
Those bathing beauties you've been watching haven't raised your temperature one degree in a month .	7
How are you ?	2
I'll be back tonight .	2
The bastard [PERSON] betrayed us	1
Should I just stand around and let that drooling infant wrap that [LOCATION] dam appropriation around my neck ?	3
He's as bad as his uncle .	3
Okay ? ,	2
I don't think you hear very well . I am not testifying at this trial .	1
Now you're going to fuckin' die .	1
Have you thought for a moment about her ?	1
What did I tell you , [PERSON] ?	1
Careful now , I have feelings like a real human being .	3
Now , that's original .	7
You won't get the official telegram for a day or two .	2
Stay with me .	4
Show yourself , come on !	4
I couldn't be certain your apartment was safe .	4
Hey , do we have a sexy crew tonight ?	2
We need to meet with the Congressional Black Caucus . Tomorrow .	2
I'll take you to him .	8
I got a lousy temper and an awful accent . I sound toffee - nosed .	3
Who's askin' to see me ?	7
Don't slouch .	1
You're a disgrace to your country !	3
And that you not only look like , but you are , a mess of worms .	3
We've created a problem .	4
I wouldn't laugh if I were you .	1
I'll do whatever I can . Here ...	8
Just grow up and go to sleep .	3
Hello , everybody .	5
Least you know how much you mean to somebody .	8
What do I do , Bloomy ?	4
The spirit world , man .	8
In this order we're not allowed personal possessions . Nor are we .	1
You think that's gonna fix it , huh ?	1
Who are you calling this late ?	7
Get up , you big hero .	1
Hans waved me off .	1
Oh , come on . It just would have been some cushy white - collar resort .	6
It's impossible !	7
He sounds terrific .	2
No , stop it .	1
Watch where you drive , artist .	3
Talk to you later .	2
You preached about faith and other rubbish .	3
Why did you choose Chipping Sodbury ? There is a convent there !	6
We got nothing to talk about .	1
Goodnight .	8
Yeah , that's right , [PERSON] .	5
To have an ugly incident occur while we're on this train with no method of escape that is not in our self - interest , either .	1
You don't care about [LOCATION] , do you ?	3
Disgusting .	3
I'm . . I no m. . mean to .	4
My boss'll have your job !	1
I know I don't have to do it but I want to .	6
I like !	5
I'll bring you your breakfast .	8
I guess we're all trying to prove something to ourselves .	6
All right , let's go back to [LOCATION] and make this movie .	2
You're gonna be on Syrian and Israeli radar the moment you take off .	4
Where are the females ?	7
So the millionaire speculator is turning respectable .	3
I am happy you're out of jail , [PERSON] .	5
In case you need a quick getaway ? I know how you feel .	8
He's not here , darling .	6
But I'm very happy to have met you .	5
Are you kidding ?	1
I've just heard a startling piece of news .	4
[PERSON] , if the runway isn't long enough ...	4
Acts of homicide and cannibalism reported through the afternoon are contributable , at least in part , to these reactivated bodies .	1
Well done indeed .	2
What's the matter , dear ?	4
You spent $ , at The Capital Grille ?	6
Play ball ! Yeah .	5
I hope I never get old and have to be in a wheelchair and have to depend on the ushers to help me out of church .	6
Never mind that rubbish .	3
But he's got a good practice .	8
You're not easy to talk to on the phone , so I decided to ambush you .	2
Don't try to tell me my business .	1
Elder , if you have something to say , just say it	1
Ready to ride ? Let's roll . If I'm gonna get inside this gang and stay out of jail ,	2
She's an angel .	8
Because I love only you .	5
One of the theories we have is that Backpage is , in fact , in a conspiracy with the pimps , that the posting rules are not designed to prevent or to stop human sex trafficking , but in fact , are designed to be a guide to pimps to allow them to design an ad which helps them evade law enforcement .	1
This is very big , you talk only to me .	5
You don't fuck with my box !	3
I've had the flu .	6
Friends , [PERSON] , The president of this network ,	8
[PERSON] ! We're family !	7
I remember when I was years old . Mr. [PERSON] called me in for a meeting .	5
You heard about this guy , [PERSON] ?	2
You wanted to find out who I'm working with .	2
Since he found out we're behind it , he's been running us ragged .	4
Who the hell are you working for ?	1
Who said I'm moving ?	7
That's why I love them .	8
A skinhead in our bar .	3
But my shirt is wet .	1
Hey , buddy . Spare some change ?	2
Is it really him ?	7
I might not be around for much longer .	4
This ain't no poor farm .	1
[PERSON] , get real !	8
I'll meet you there .	2
Quick , [PERSON] , we got ta extend the runway .	2
itself but simply a tool , as language is to thought .	5
One of the many troubles with you , Harry , is , you never know where your movie scripts leave off and life begins .	3
Do I take it , Mr. [PERSON] , that the State rests ?	2
It's not going to be easy .	4
You got a weird family .	8
That's fabulous , really .	5
Do not lie you know , [PERSON] .	1
Did [PERSON] really play here ?	7
My God .	1
What did he bring his pigeons for ?	7
We should get one of those , honey .	2
He knows what [PERSON] said by heart and Boy Stuff is swell .	8
I wouldn't trust you with gold . That's why this is only worth a penny .	8
Bastards !	3
What would a plate like this be doing in a World War II munition ship ?	7
I see six sides to every risk and reasons not to take it .	4
I'd love to hear how Junior's doing and , well , it would be fun being with you .	2
She gave you that ?	7
Come in out of the rain .	8
I'll get a job until I get a grubstake , and then I'll try again somewhere .	2
You dirty rat .	1
What is important about that action is that it was a number of Fortune companies telling that business , that they believe there is illegal conduct happening and they weren't gonna support it .	1
Bad for you , worse for me .	6
I never know in advance when I'm going to be a genius .	7
You got it bad .	3
You can do it !	8
I'd love to .	2
They'll be instructed , Captain .	2
I ought never to have married [PERSON] .	6
It's all here .	7
While you were being a pawn in capitalistic society ,	3
How gorgeous !	5
Shut up , [PERSON] . If you repent , hand that stolen money over to me .	1
Shall I go ?	1
I mean , I know writing speeches is writing ... but it's not what I really wan na do .	3
We'll relieve you in a couple of hours .	2
Hey . I love you .	8
She's gone .	4
A vast area would be uninhabitable , with many cancer cases later .	4
Oh ...	6
It's all coming apart , Al.	4
The old man can still catch , huh ?	7
Take a deep breath , relax , move on .	8
We're going to do everything we can to help you , but you've got to help , too .	8
What difference would it make ?	6
That's sweet .	5
We move out together , only together .	8
Why do you hate everybody ?	8
Damn !	1
Well , give me a coordinate !	1
And this spic , [PERSON] , what a fucking nut case .	1
I can sit .	2
Not until you've finished .	6
Hey , man , what'd you do this for ?	7
Close your eyes .	8
They never have and they never will .	8
Yeah , he does a lot of that .	5
When that monster makes a run for it tonight , you'll be in deep trouble	1
I'm sorry they don't like me .	6
It can look like [PERSON]'s knickers for all I care , just as long as I get off this stinking boat !	3
Now , you get a good rest and next week you'll begin a new life .	8
You saw that coming , did you ?	1
There's no question . I'm not going with you .	1
Ladies and gentlemen with great pleasure I give you Robocop .	5
Find out anything ?	2
They tell me you're quite a stud player , young man .	8
Turns out my life hasn't been my own for the last years .	6
My husband will kill me when he finds out .	4
I have to warn the Soviets in the clearest possible terms that they risk taking us to the brink of an armed confrontation with incalculable consequences for all mankind .	4
Are the payrolls ready for tomorrow ?	2
I have a business proposition for you .	2
I'll be here for a couple of days and I'd love to see you .	2
We've got the best soldiers in the German army here .	8
Let that be a lesson to ya .	1
I call it to your attention that only one of you has reported here this morning properly dressed .	3
I'll do that .	8
Look at me , I'm free !	5
I'm not interested in your opinion .	1
But with you , kid ...	8
That this could be the result of all I had committed my life to .	6
Yes , I come back , baby .	8
I'm sorry this had to happen , [PERSON] .	6
Maybe if I do you , then I wouldn't care about losing millions of dollars .	2
Don't come back here  - that's a bit like saying :  Do not read this note  . 	3
I'm pleased to meet you .	5
You look beautiful .	8
I hate my life .	6
I wondered if you'd do me a favour , if you ain't busy .	2
Since when is the disppearance of a human being considered trash , in your estimation , Ms Bantam ?	3
You disapprove , sir ?	6
You fat , disgusting slob !	3
I don't know what it is	7
Because this could be a threat to all life on [LOCATION] if we are reckless with this issue .	1
Tell them it was all my fault .	6
Mr [PERSON] , you've fallen in with thieves .	1
No , nothing .	6
The war will be over in a few weeks , and I'll be coming back to you .	2
I headed into the English old country Looking for help .	2
Heh heh . Hear my words , demon . I will cast thee from this poor woman's soul ,	2
Go after him .	2
You know what we're fighting out there , and they know it !	8
Hey , we got a survivor !	7
Would you like a cup of coffee ?	5
I did it .	5
Nothin' man . Whatever .	1
That night , we went dancing .	5
It was well and nothing could change it .	5
A whole new life with a family that values what you are .	8
Nobody has any reasons I don't know about .	1
This is your friendliest enemy reminding you to take it easy and never volunteer for anything .	5
The cellar is the only safe place .	4
I don't like this .	3
Oh ... you should do it .	8
This is my last night , so I would love to sing a song for you that is very close to my heart .	5
I don't know what you're talking about .	1
They just have felonies .	3
It is he .	4
I'm distraught to hear that .	6
Even if I told you what was the matter with you , you wouldn't admit it .	1
This will make you famous , hmm ?	2
Everybody been sworn ?	2
Shittiest rink in the fuckin' league .	3
I don't know what I'd do if I lost her .	8
Christ ! We've got no alternative .	1
Can not your brother help ?	1
I'll be right back .	2
Well , I figure I'm screwed , right ?	4
They're not looking for a murder weapon ?	4
Sometimes it's worse to stay than it is to run .	6
Wait till I ask Dad if this is any way to run an airline .	1
What's the problem ?	2
Go on ! Go back and get the knife !	1
I must wait for one year ?	2
I shall wish a book jacket that is only letters .	8
I wanted [LOCATION] , but I wasn't counting on it .	6
I've just been bitten by a snake .	4
Old man , how long have your been here ?	7
I don't know what I'd ...	1
It is a lovely city .	5
Whenever I'm petrified , I either cry or sing .	4
But you're affecting the lives of a lot of other people .	1
Two , sir .	8
Please , continue .	6
But you had to wait till now , now when [PERSON]'s dying ... to show me that I could never mean any more to you ... than this Watling woman does to [PERSON] .	6
You know , you - you could get hurt . You shouldn't go around robbing people . You could go to jail .	1
I don't care if it's important or not .	1
You gonna invite us in ?	1
I'm going up to [PERSON]'s house .	2
That was good .	5
That's too much gun for a man to have just for shooting rabbits .	1
I'm a perfect surgeon .	5
It's not safe .	4
[PERSON] , the funniest champion ever .	5
Now she makes sense .	8
Hello . You must be [PERSON] .	2
You know , much as I hate to give [PERSON] J.[PERSON] too much credit , he might have gotten a hold of something when he said that was pretty private stuff going on out there .	8
Are they both mad ?	7
And if you don't take me to my hotel , that means I have to walk .	1
But it's happening !	2
But I promise you that it will be the biggest innovation in the history of this business .	2
I can't believe that you believe that .	3
What the hell's going on down there ?	1
It's a passion that continues to grow , ... The more the King is drowning .	4
There it is .	2
It's your gun , sir ?	4
Yeah , but he's not gonna take me along any more , is he ?	6
There's somethin' I want to show you .	2
You are doing very well .	8
But I don't give up so easily .	1
I can't think of anything more sappy .	3
I've been doing just that for years , until [PERSON] walked into my shop last week .	8
Yeah , that would be good .	5
Let's face it .	3
How'd they know you were on this train ?	7
Remember , when you invited me ?	7
The purpose of my journey is to pacify the people	5
That's our favourite song .	5
[PERSON] , could we have two seconds alone ?	8
Here he comes .	2
I'm with you .	8
Now's as good a time as any , [PERSON] .	2
Hell !	1
What's the fish's name again ?	2
Seek out and engage the enemy . 	8
I hated you ...	3
You'll lose your hair .	6
That's a bunch of bullshit .	3
Vinnie !	7
Don't look at me like that .	1
An evil spirit took by corpse and won't let me rest in peace	3
We're at an impasse .	1
Busy tonight ?	2
I'm leaving .	6
You think of yourself and the one you're in love with .	5
Oh , shit !	4
A universal cure .	8
I can find the best lawyer .	8
And then I - I don't know what happened .	6
Look . I've been kicking ass and taking names , trying to save your fucking hide .	1
Man , he is a lot bigger .	7
We got an unknown in here .	2
Water !	2
I'm through making mistakes .	2
And I stormed out .	1
Nice entrance .	7
Nobody remembers number two .	6
I don't feel like sitting down .	6
He had to say goodbye to one of us and that's too bad .	6
I don't care because he sure as hell knew after .	1
There was no more innocence anywhere .	8
Don't even , no . Don't look at me !	3
The job's too tough for you .	3
When I think of it , I'm afraid .	4
Well , I guess that's the good news .	8
How's Miss [PERSON] bearing up ?	4
Yes , but if we can't , we lose [LOCATION] .	8
No . Wait .	2
[PERSON] , fuck off !	1
You don't want us to drink ourselves to sleep .	6
OK ? You ready ?	2
For what ?	1
Mr. [PERSON] ?	2
[LOCATION] will be your next stop !	2
You act mighty happy this morning .	5
I don't think we can hold out that long before they find her .	4
Thirteen dead in what appears to be a Nuke money massacre .	4
He was my friend , you dumb bitch !	3
You'd rather be found dead with two small children in [LOCATION] ?	4
Somebody starts a rumour and they lose their heads .	4
You've been drinking again , haven't you ?	3
You've been served .	1
Motherfuckers !	1
[PERSON]'s too strange and I'm too fat .	3
I have asked you here to meet the woman selected to represent the most discriminating publication in the world , Quality .	3
Get up !	1
A glamour girl who does not even smoke .	3
Did you hope to go unnoticed here ?	1
And I just disagreed with them , completely .	3
I suppose when a fellow bucks up against a big organisation like that , one man by himself can't get very far .	4
I'd like to see something by the end of the week .	2
You'll punish me .	3
What's biting you , [PERSON] ?	1
But where have I put it ?	7
I don't want to hear it .	1
I told him it was important .	8
You want you and [PERSON] to be tight .	8
Just like I belong as a priest . And your mother and your husband too .	8
Wait , there's more .	2
No two people have ever been so in love	5
I thought she might be a lead worth pursuing .	2
Where's that wonderful music coming from ?	7
But I was crying because I. ...	6
You know , [PERSON] , it always distresses me , a man like Shooter here ... reaching his middle years and still having no assurance ... of next week's income .	3
I was really good .	5
Roll one !	5
It's as corrupt as [LOCATION] , but ... there's less bullshit .	8
Holy [PERSON] .	7
Let's begin with the letter .	2
It's very good .	5
I guess this is my last season .	6
I'll put you back on the team , but you must promise not to drown out the other children .	1
Do you believe that ?	7
I don't know anything about being a commander .	4
That seems to me like a darn short prayer for a sinner like Dude .	3
It's just not that cute anymore .	1
We're standing on the brink of a new world , and ...	2
Have you ordered yet ?	8
They'll do everything that can be done .	8
I owe you one .	8
I thought you said she got on the helicopter .	7
Don't you recognize me ?	1
You must love that guy to do what you did for him .	7
A beautiful woman like you ?	7
You're doing pretty well .	8
She's down .	6
Halt negotiations immediately .	1
Cody , please ! You must listen !	1
I just ... I like him .	8
But I'm missin' it , man .	6
I'll get you now !	4
It's out of the question , Mr. [PERSON] .	1
Sir , I don't care about the blame . I care about the safety of my team and I care about getting those Stingers back .	1
Get down there , son !	8
You mean in the morning ?	7
When I think yours has given you , Village ... as a vulgar , without dowry .	3
[PERSON] , that's a winner .	5
[PERSON] is taken .	4
I may smack you around every once in a while , but I'm still your brother .	8
These are all my presents !	5
We throw our thumbs in the air and hitchhike .	5
And [PERSON] was trying to kill him .	4
And I feel sick about it .	3
Scatter and keep your mouths closed .	1
The best shot ... the best possible shot .	8
We have a winner !	5
In the dirt , it's hard to tell .	2
She'll kill you ! She killed him !	4
You think I'm gonna team up with some [GAY SLUR] stool - pigeon .	3
So , do you need me to try to remember something ?	2
My clothes !	1
Moon !	5
And that's another reason why you don't speak about it .	4
You see ?	2
There's got to be guns in this house .	4
We walk from here .	2
They said I was photographing a military subject .	4
Of course , Countess !	8
It'll do that poor sore throat good .	8
Get rid of your gum .	6
Where'd they go ?	2
I like that man , with the sort of blue nose .	5
Trying to make me crawl and cower and cringe and admit to your monstrous lies .	3
One car behind us . - Let's go there .	2
( laughter ) woman :	4
You will help our medical research and thereby saving thousands of lives .	8
I must have worn out your machine .	6
Yeah , Col. [PERSON] .	2
Well , she helped me .	8
I mean , it's man's favorite subject .	2
Why don't you back the hell off of her ?	1
I didn't want to mess it up .	4
Who the hell asked you anyways , huh ? - Shut up !	1
Damn it , shut up !	1
Please come . Please come .	6
She looks French , sure .	2
[LOCATION] is up for grabs , the spoils of our once fine city going to the ruthless scum who can spread the most carnage and blood in our streets .	1
It's a one - way street !	7
Was this clown such a bad guy ?	1
Traitor !	3
I'm prepared to make a donation to the people of this town .	8
Shit happens .	3
All ?	7
What if Case tortures her ?	4
Now that you mention it ...	7
He's led us on many a cattle drive .	8
For three months , we've been listening to that sad sack spout his unhinged tirades , day in and day out , because we were promised % of the ransom .	3
I think you're cute .	5
I can't beat three sevens .	8
That's good .	8
I hate public transport .	3
After all week it builds up ... The idea is to have a ball .	2
I'll wait for you upstairs .	2
Shooter knows what he's doing .	8
We must be coming to the station .	2
I had the pleasure of meeting you in your beautiful shop .	5
A Russian friend of mine has written an important novel .	2
Don't sit down .	1
I'd [PERSON] to have seen his face when he found his account frozen .	1
Let's talk about something else .	3
I need you to give me some money .	8
You lonely old coot .	3
You mind your own business .	1
It's also possible to look at this in , really , just a slightly different way , which is just as sad , maybe even sadder .	6
The whole town in panic .	4
It's because of you people that I can not get outside !	3
Sweety , you're supposed to be beddy - byes !	6
I'm just ... so frustrated .	1
Use my car . Great .	1
Mr. [PERSON] was a major donor on Will's campaign .	8
I was going nearly crazy 'cause I couldn't find Little Sheba .	4
Really , I've never been happier .	5
We're going to open !	2
And now the kidnappers are playing them against each other , trying to get the $ million .	4
( sobs ) - daddy . - Yeah , bud ?	6
You'll go together and keep working as a team .	8
Because we need to look just like them if we want to pass unnoticed .	2
Thank you for your kindness .	8
Don't touch me .	1
Because that challenge is one that we're willing to accept .	2
What are we going to do ?	4
Boy , am I tired !	6
[PERSON] has every paper lined up and he's feeding them doctored - up junk !	3
It's horrible !	6
Everything we're gonna be eatin' is on this table .	8
Then understand your place in the palace , nowhere else !	3
But there's the challenge .	4
I'm not ready for this .	4
Maybe this war is necessary .	8
When we are strong ... And are at war ?	2
How do you play stud , [PERSON] ?	2
It's all right , [PERSON] .	8
I thought you wouldn't see [PERSON] now you're back with [PERSON] .	7
I'm afraid we lost our patient .	6
I've never done anything like that before in my life .	7
Let me be the first to welcome you to this afternoon's campaign banquet .	2
Have fun , sweetie ?	5
Actually , you could wear [PERSON]'s snakes and still look good .	5
Pure acid !	2
I'm willing to keep the conversation going , - but in the meantime ...	2
Now , by my watch , does not mean in the morning , but : .	1
I can't get it out of my head that [PERSON] was responsible for the camping thing .	1
I got a gift for you .	2
If this is an escape route , why didn't you escape long ago ?	2
I'll be assisting you through the entire process .	8
And I don't want to ....	6
Is her lover . He comes over .	5
I like the bubble . - Yeah ?	7
It's a pity some of you fellows haven't anything better to do .	3
You have to focus on the road .	8
Pull those drapes !	1
The princess must not pick the polish from her nails .	3
I'm feeling fine this morning .	5
You know , [PERSON] , I've just remembered I've got quite a lot of work to do tonight , so I think I'll be going .	3
Look , I don't mind if you have a new dog but you can't let him run aroud scaring half the neighbourhood .	3
Are you abandoning the search ?	7
You see , fear is a fighter's best friend .	8
I wouldn't dream of using such a tool .	3
My client was wrongly accused .	1
Hurry , it's lovely up here	5
Most of their wounds won't heal properly .	4
The Martians had calculated their descent with amazing perfection .	7
Like I said , good for you . But you're not going to do it with me .	1
Okay sweetie .	8
Get your hands off him or I'll call the Metropolitan scuffers !	1
Save the jokes . He wants to see you .	1
Don't you say a word unless I ask you to .	1
Are you blind ?	1
Shut that door !	1
Oh , please send her in .	1
We all thought you were dead .	7
But you wouldn't know anything about that .	8
Mr. Land ...	1
We've come to wish you joy .	5
I think it's cute .	5
How'd you get in there ?	2
ISI is sending someone important to meet the CIA .	2
I think you're perfect .	5
The door swings both ways , my ass .	1
And I've loved something that doesn't really exist .	6
You're really sick , you know that ?	3
It hurts , but he doesn't show it .	6
Don't you want to say anything to these people ?	1
Mom said sleeping with you was like sleeping with a salad with bad dressing !	3
I never imagined what was a work for woman .	7
That's where we'll find him .	2
You still have your health .	5
If the strychnine was not in the coffee and we know that it was not in the cocoa , where it was ?	4
As bad as it was having her missing , it was so traumatizing to hear these words coming from your - year - old child .	4
I , uh ...	6
How about a cup of coffee ?	2
You come home , you order out food ... and then you play those stupid [PERSON] albums until 2 , in the morning !	3
What have I done ?	4
The doctor said you shouldn't excite yourself .	4
Let go ! Hey , get off of me .	1
All right . Welcome aboard .	8
I'll try , but she's in danger , [PERSON] .	4
I'll have something to say about that .	1
May he rest in peace .	6
Damnedest thing I ever did see .	3
[PERSON] dear , have a nice holiday in [LOCATION] .	5
You're doing just fine , honey .	5
Can you get me some heavy downers ? Something that'll really make me sleep .	2
Will you help me move the table ?	8
I was thinking that everyone that played a part in the damage to my child should be held responsible .	1
Okay , good luck I guess !	7
Yes , ma'am ?	8
Sometimes , in the middle of the night , I sit up and wonder where I am .	7
You ain't learned yet who's running this show .	3
They're very nice .	5
Hold on , gentlemen , please try to understand my position .	8
But I can't express myself monosyllabically enough for you to understand 'em all .	3
Would you like some coffee ?	2
You're the little guy that tried to make off with my queen .	3
The brain surface neurons in this area have also been traumatised .	6
Well , I'm not people .	1
They'll learn quickly .	8
Somebody's gonna get hurt .	4
That stupid little bastard .	3
There's nothing to be afraid of .	8
Then he was relieved unjustly ?	7
I wouldn't trust anybody .	4
I spend all day bleaching the smell away ... Then you come home and I have to start all over again .	1
Well , when you are fat , you don't move so fast .	3
Well , will you talk to him about it , sometime ?	8
I mean , after my exorcism , I - I've strived to lead A good , clean , decent life .	4
Let me tell you what I said when she was born .	8
Meet the man I'm going to marry .	2
Did he ever show you the ring ?	5
Are you fucking crazy ?	1
What are you good for ?	3
We need the last word , last blow , last move .	2
Okay , you guys , she fell for it .	5
A guy that's talking about he's gonna solve all your problems .	1
I've been very patient , [PERSON] .	2
Did you bring me a present ?	2
Want a transfer back to PT boats ?	2
She's not really thinking ...	1
Watch yourself . Kuwaiti Star , stand by . We're coming in on your port side .	2
Brave ?	4
Weak , a go - alonger , no character !	3
And just how did he go about that ?	7
And you think I don't ?	1
Where's the whiny guy ?	2
Are you any different ?	2
If you wan na end this , let's end it now .	1
He's nervous , you know ?	8
Ruby's been dead for 14 , years .	6
[PERSON] is not stupid .	8
I'll brain that guy .	1
Cold or not , it's good to be back in [LOCATION] .	5
Trouble is that the Kid might be nervous , big game like this .	4
Hey ! You're nothing but a little girly devil .	1
We're opening a store and a bank , aren't we , [PERSON] ?	2
Where's all the money today ?	7
They did the smash - and - grab , she was gonna tell the feds .	6
When [PERSON] doesn't get his laundry , disaster !	3
Catholic school . A little minor league ball , long enough to find out I couldn't hit a curve .	6
I want to die in my own land , where Human Beings are buried in the sky .	6
There was much to occupy me , So I left my apprentice to deal with [PERSON] .	8
You never stood a chance .	1
Don't worry , we'll celebrate .	5
But they turned the lights down this time and didn't say this is a drill .	4
For a start , I think I need a new doorman .	2
Everybody thinks they're humorous , but they're not .	1
It's her !	4
[PERSON] , you want a laugh ?	5
I'm sorry , I have a bill ...	6
You wan na get something to eat ?	2
This is not my day .	6
I say I can not play a scene , and you say , Play it .  	1
Forgive me , Father , for I have sinned .	6
I'll drive you somewhere in the car .	2
If it's so beautiful down there , why ...	5
Look , look , this would be the greatest discovery in the history of science .	7
♪ Any time that I would ask her ♪	5
No morality ?	3
It was mainly the beer I had with dinner mixed with the pain medicine I still take for when you shot me in the ass .	1
See ...	2
Lord [PERSON] , she loves me !	5
Here's to all that gorgeous snatch in FLA.	5
It seems that we are forced to admit that our suspicions are wrong , despite her confession .	1
Oh , yes , I do . I want you to go home and tune in the show !	2
No , I'm sorry , Mr. [PERSON] .	6
Slow down or you'll get a ticket !	4
What's the vulture doing ?	3
If it wouldn't be too much trouble .	8
I wish it made me feel good too .	6
You take half the troop and follow those that went to the east .	8
She's my child too .	1
You trying to say capisce ? Yeah .	2
Do as he says , everyone .	8
Daddy . You want to name her daddy ?	3
I hadn't the heart to warn her .	6
We live in a wonderful life .	8
He's the only one that's ever been nice to me .	8
I don't trust him .	6
Hi , fellas .	8
Guns make me nervous .	4
It wasn't up to my mother .	1
As he said , it's against the rules .	1
I'm sorry I don't have one for you .	6
By the destruction of any nuclear weapons sent into space .	4
Promise me you'll be careful .	8
Are you sitting down ?	4
We spoke to police lieutenant [PERSON] laker at the scene this afternoon .	6
Women don't belong in the dressing room !	3
You're right , [PERSON] .	8
Yes . Yes . Plays cards like an English officer and a gentleman .	7
I wonder what he's got against the marines ?	7
Then I lived in many European capitals , trying to forget something sad that happened long ago .	6
I'm dead but I'm still functioning .	2
I met her at the grocery store . - ( babbling ) - isaac .	5
That'll do it .	8
That's entirely ... why don't you bring [PERSON] in to make sure the phone gets answered ?	3
This is an attempt to paint the defendant as a lunatic .	3
With what money , and what about us ?	4
I solved your case , that's all .	8
I thought you were a confirmed private .	7
I don't know anything about it .	4
I don't want the money if this is how you have to earn it !	1
What was that shooting just now , [PERSON] ?	2
Shall I see you to your cabin ?	8
He likes the way his wife welcomes him home .	5
Hastings , it did not seem to him strange which [PERSON] was suggesting what had the mother been poisoned by accident ?	1
And I dangled it in front of him and ripped it away .	1
It wasn't because there weren't women that stirred my blood .	5
May is a great scientist , but she also has destructive tendencies .	4
We'd roll it up and have snowball fights with it , you know ?	8
Take it easy !	8
Bought in to fool people into thinking they were aliens , yeah .	3
I want some flowers .	2
Yeah , let's talk business , my friend	8
She went straight to the local sheriff , who , fortunately , happened to be a particularly good friend of ours .	5
I'm glad you fellas happened along .	5
Send your cops home then .	1
Keep in touch .	8
Don't , I've got things in my mouth !	4
[PERSON] , I don't want to hear it .	6
Not now , [PERSON] , I'm busy !	1
Now we'll have good weather for the bridge .	5
Kindliness and sincerity , and if you'll forgive me , modesty , mean more to a husband than all the wit and beauty in the world .	5
That was all about to change .	2
Are you crazy , [PERSON] ?	7
I'll make you a deal .	8
My officers and I will be responsible for their conduct .	8
But the magic was just draining out of him every time he got on that commuter train , back and forth from the suburbs every day .	2
Hastings , we will leave this , up to the lawyer of the Mrs. [PERSON] to be present .	4
Who are you to dictate the terms ?	3
And I hate the way you drive , and I hate your stinking whiskey breath .	1
Since when am I Baby ?	1
Of course , a box !	7
Must be losing it .	3
She's nothing but a common mobile vulgaris .	3
It's nice .	5
I'll tell you how I first met your mother .	2
And you wan na know what else I think ?	1
I hope so , sir . - You hope so ?	1
There's nothing wrong with missing people .	8
The water's great !	5
Well , somebody's gonna have to start trusting somebody .	1
Everything seems to have a bite to it , and I'm smelling like an old sheepherder .	3
Yeah , but you're going to win .	2
That's what makes it so good afterwards .	5
[PERSON] , you're weird .	5
Get some sleep .	1
It ain't worth it .	1
My father's in the hospital again .	6
[PERSON] , anybody who's got two fists and a good heartbeat , they got a chance .	2
We'll offer the opportunity to control every aspect of their emotional lives .	8
But I want to be with you .	8
I think she's about to fall in love with him .	2
Whoops .	4
I lied .	3
He's been recorded saying ...	2
The Navy's waiting for me to make a mistake , but I won't make it .	2
Hey , [PERSON] !	2
I was in having a good time .	5
Come sit down here beside me , and I'll give you a horn of your own .	2
Do you think we're getting anywhere ?	4
I'm not some gun for hire .	3
I hardly think you're in a position to judge me .	1
No thanks .	1
Officer , please , for God's sake , they're looting the Food King !	4
A confession that you hired [PERSON] ... and are responsible for my father's murder .	1
[PERSON] , why don't you take your coat off and stay awhile ?	2
Glad you reminded me .	5
Would you mind giving me a hand ?	2
I just went to the store for the cookies .	6
People with money like uniforms .	1
Somebody help me .	4
This thing goes to a man's head .	3
I want one hero , not two mutineers .	1
I'll give you two .	5
I'm sorry , I didn't think .	6
She's pretty full on .	7
Damn right .	5
A friend of yours wants to say hello .	2
I'm just as old as I look .	6
Look at your eyes !	7
They're a physical bunch . They're macho , body - proud .	3
This one's on the house . - Thanks , but ...	7
Well , sir a free translation would be that [PERSON]'s a yellow - bellied polecat of dubious antecedents and conjectural progeny .	3
Where are you taking me ?	4
Miss Windy , the villa has been ransacked	4
I told you it was hot .	1
What do I have to do ? Grow up .	1
He felt like one of those gods who appear to maidens in human form .	5
I'm ready .	2
Is he all right ?	4
So , you'll work your way through all the gangsters ?	4
I couldn't hate you , so my hatred turned into an insane fear .	4
See you around .	2
You carry the stench of death like the plague .	3
I hate to stand here and try your patience , but either I'm dead right or I'm crazy !	1
You know the streets . You know the dealers .	8
But I owe [PERSON] something .	8
What are you afraid of ?	8
Help me , please ! - Get him off me !	4
I'll take control away from him .	1
We can go to the Fairmont ...	6
It's taken a long time to get here , but we're here .	2
Enter !	1
Yeah , but what do you think about the rest of it ?	2
Who was it ?	1
♪ A media - opoly ♪	5
Sure . I'll be right down .	8
I'm worried about the future , and what people will think .	4
What I feel towards you I'll have to feel for the rest of my life .	6
It hasn't been easy , has it ?	6
You're liable to get caught .	4
How do I plead ?	4
[PERSON] can kiss my sweet ass !	1
So , if you folla us again , I chop your arms off , OK ?	1
My best landing yet .	5
We will follow the trail of [PERSON]'s boyfriend .	8
Um ... Yeah .	7
Your niece will have no trouble meeting the Queen's requirements .	8
I don't want to fight .	6
Well , don't be so mysterious .	1
I don't resent your not paying me for the past two months ... but the thought that I should split my bank account with you ... that you should take half of my life's savings ... that is really too much for me , sir .	3
Actually , I'm feeling pretty relaxed now .	5
I'd give you a kiss right now , but I'm afraid I'll ruin my makeup .	5
That is correct .	5
I'm not going to the chair 'cause that ape got trigger - happy !	3
They're coming to kill you !	4
That's a real woman .	5
You're a godsend .	8
And I felt real scared , [LOCATION] .	4
It's Oextry I want to see squirm .	1
Come on , come on , come on , come on .	2
He wants it all hush - hush .	8
Don't lie to me , you pepper gut .	3
Say , don't annoy me .	1
You need sort of a. . .	2
I'll die if they send me to prison .	4
Because I am certain that in his thoughts he is completely alone .	6
No more fucking tapes :	1
We owed a great deal of money and I had no job .	6
But there's something you may not know about us .	4
Someone's tampering with the security circuits .	4
Don't joke with me If we wait too long , that monster will get us	4
I guess that's for me to know and you to find out , Detective [PERSON] !	2
You have to see me !	5
Enough of your tricks !	1
It depends on what you're looking for .	3
Convince yourself that way .	1
You wanted to find out if [PERSON] was a Grimm .	2
[PERSON] , you fucking worm !	1
I've never been dumped before , that ... didn't feel awesome .	6
I want to get away from you cops and wops and junkies .	1
This is quite a setup they have here .	7
That is very interesting , mon ami .	2
Did you ask God to be with you and keep you strong ?	8
We don't tolerate nudity in any shape or form .	1
Do what he says :	1
If you'd walked when I said , I wouldn't have been there .	1
[PERSON] tried to straighten her out .	6
If you continue to annoy me about this girl ... who is no responsibility of mine , I'll have you arrested .	1
You'd better get a man with younger arteries .	3
That smell of death .	4
Now .	2
That's terrible .	6
We'll reinforce them later .	8
Oh ... okay , forget it .	6
Even though we have each other . It can be a very lonely existence .	6
Well , screw the British .	1
Ma !	5
Okay , look , the last thing we knew , she was getting on that helicopter .	1
Because if you love somebody , you live with them , you live for them .	8
Shit ...	4
I think I'm gonna faint .	4
I have something .	2
It's difficult holding her .	4
Wait ... wait - wait ,	4
You're not dumb .	8
I left orders not to be disturbed here .	1
Get out of there !	4
And I haven't seen her since .	4
Where's my mommy ?	2
I can't find the right words .	6
You should have killed me when you had the chance .	1
Bringin' her home in the middle of the night wouldn't help anybody , especially her .	1
I shall miss you too .	6
Sure . - I really , really , really appreciate it .	8
They mustn't get old .	6
A really distinguished family ...	6
I'll be back .	2
You'll have them for a while . Great .	5
The man is an animal .	3
Look , [PERSON] , I - I've known all along That you were stealing food and treasure .	6
I liked him , but not a lot .	8
There are things that you could do .	2
We've been working too hard .	6
What the fuck did you do , man ?	1
Isn't that rather exposing the First Lady to some risk ?	4
The boy has loads of charm , Father .	5
Back in , I thought I had it made .	8
They making it tough on you ?	1
I was worried about you .	8
Are we killers now ?	7
Go to your AA meetings -- - l want to do this film .	1
You were right , a thousand percent right .	8
Come here , you lazy , no - good son of mine !	3
No , no , I will not go crawling back to that woman	3
Say nothing .	1
I couId vomit .	3
Most guys couldn't even handle you .	3
Yo , yo , yo !	5
The general is a traitor , you know that .	3
Go right ahead .	2
[PERSON] , show him the paper .	2
Are you kidding me ?	1
You mean , he has a key to your home ?	7
Have a nice day .	8
You look a thousand years old .	6
Not one word of what he's saying is being printed in that state !	3
Very good horse .	8
Either way , murder or suicide , I'd say he deserved it , wouldn't you ?	1
Yeah , I see him .	2
I feel not much better now .	6
One of these days , I'm gonna spend me the rest of my life in one of these hot ...	2
We've really got ta make tracks or we're dead ! C'mon !	4
We are so late already .	4
I guarantee these women will bring a good price .	2
Play fair with me , fat man .	3
Well , it's , very kind of you ...	3
Why are you laughing ?	1
I don't think we want to talk any more .	1
We're going around in circles .	1
That is disgusting , mean gene !	3
It was really hard .	4
You came as an enemy to destroy me .	6
Am I really good enough ?	4
I just want it in a flaky pastry .	8
Looks like her schooling took place wherever they were stationed .	8
You've come to the right place , buddy boy .	8
Nice tits , sure , But a face I wouldn't want to Wipe my feet on .	3
We'll say farewell to [PERSON]	6
I was the world's nicest guy , and they ruined my life for no reason .	6
Shoot her .	1
It may be the only way to unite us in this incredibly divided world of ours .	2
That is a very deep cut .	4
Get down ! I said now , asshole !	1
I don't like this , any of it .	4
This has been a terrible shock to them .	6
And he calls me an asshole !	3
Kiddo !	5
Double or nothing .	2
I'm good !	5
By the way , [PERSON] , I'd like to praise you for bringing this to my attention .	8
Good British plugs .	8
I don't understand . You're already married .	7
Can't you tell me what's happened ?	7
You ?	7
Just in case .	4
Anyway , um , I might need some help translating that .	4
Young man , you have a good heart	8
With a little left over for [PERSON] ?	2
From top to bottom we are riddled with cruelty .	6
It changes your whole perspective .	8
Some official's son got in trouble and they're looking for a substitute	6
Miss , has the Cowboy ever told you of his incredible tolerance for pain ?	2
How's it going ?	5
You want a beer ?	2
How very nice to see you .	5
His plane could be late !	4
I don't want to miss this flight . I have a special rate .	4
We'll be getting into [LOCATION] tonight .	2
You didn't come to my wedding .	6
You and me , we do business .	8
I like that .	5
You don't really think I don't want you to do well ? No , [PERSON] .	6
We need your dreams and stories to exist .	8
Just the usual complications that's all .	6
I want you to handle this case personally .	8
Now look at him .	1
It's impolite to stare .	3
We are winning ' the friggin' game !	5
[PERSON] , what the fuck took you so long ?	1
You don't know who to trust .	4
That meteor is either very light , which is unheard of , or it's hollow .	7
That don't stop me from taking a saintly pleasure when I get a chance .	5
I was running out of things to say .	6
Robbers , plural ?	8
Yeah , my veneer popped off , yeah sucks .	6
How come you bought one ?	7
I'm so glad you've come home safely .	5
Someone will pass by soon .	2
May I take a look ? Sure .	2
What are those lights ?	7
That reminds me . We're putting the boat in this weekend .	2
It's kicks , but I'm not under contract to 'em and I got a strong feeling option time is right around the corner .	2
Perfect .	8
I am defeated .	6
Shelleen , it was a great plan !	5
I want to see a friend of mine , a very dear friend .	2
Don't hurt him .	4
I don't see how you have the gall to face me !	1
It's a question of principle .	1
Is there no justice in the world ?	1
I'd only mess that up too .	6
Lunch was wonderful .	5
There's no change in it , is there ?	1
The next day I call [PERSON] .	2
When we say not bad , we don't mean not bad .  - We mean it's bloody marvelous . - Yeah ? 	7
I'll tell them anything !	4
My thanks to you .	8
You took the bread out of half the mouths of [LOCATION] .	1
But he's talking about the illegal part of it .	3
which makes twice today .	1
No relatives , no friends .	1
Suppress it .	3
Y' all take care now , you hear ?	8
Yeah , I mind .	1
Oh , feet !	5
It's cute , isn't it ?	2
I must be honest with you .	8
We were all praying for a miracle .	6
Why don't you tell the voters what you really plan on doing with this town ?	1
Don't fucking kill him , we've got business to sort out !	1
You are strong .	8
Ain't no way in the world I'm goin' up that path .	4
He spares us the mercifully quick extinction of the hangman's rope ... and gives the slow death of slavery .	6
I don't want to see anyone or smell anyone but you .	8
He's the town joke , and I'm stuck with him .	1
We're home free .	6
Fucking A , sir .	5
There must be a reason .	8
I hope this hurts .	2
I have no intention of drowning with you .	1
Our friend  [PERSON] . 	3
That's the chukker , ladies and gentlemen .	2
He's a real choirboy .	6
Sit down , be comfortable .	8
Erm ... I was just coming to that .	3
That's some sign you got on the door out there .	7
Everybody forgot about it but me .	1
I must be working out some screwed - up karma .	1
Look how stupid you're acting .	3
Well , you said the name of the boat on television . I knew it was [PERSON]'s .	7
And what point is that ?	1
There's more where that came from .	2
I really belong in jail .	6
No . No . I just don't want any enemies .	4
He'd punch on my mother , too .	1
Absolutely hilarious .	5
Now you're talking .	5
Everything you've got !	3
And we are now beautiful .	5
What ? They took her body .	4
Did you oblige him ?	8
Oh no , I think that's a big mistake . I think you should do it .	8
Don't cry .	6
I find myself quite interesting , really .	5
No , no ! - Let's go . - It's supposed to be here !	1
I sure wouldn't do math unless I had to .	1
We lose a little time , and all of a sudden it's every girl for herself .	3
Retirement , Christ .	2
Are you comfortable ?	2
And , besides , I'd like to try this case myself .	2
[PERSON] , you got here fast .	7
Skepticism is very healthy .	8
I do not think you quite realise my position .	1
You made a big mistake , [PERSON] .	1
So that's where the old raunch kept his stash !	7
You'll thank me when you're free .	2
Hello , Kid .	5
Now what makes you think I hate her ?	7
[PERSON] , what happened ?	7
Heaven knows how she lived through those weeks .	6
I'm sorry . - No , that's all right .	8
It must be a mistake , he was clever ...	6
I need your help .	4
Who's probably taking the day off again ?	7
Go ahead , man to man .	1
I don't got ta pay you for that .	1
Well , that's easy .	5
The French Navy knows everything .	4
May I see it ?	2
Do all directors come to ask young women to sit with their producers ? Um , not all .	7
This morning this place was filled with books , wall to wall !	7
Next girl . Show what you can do , [PERSON] .	2
If you think about getting cute I'll blow that shit you call brains all over my partner here .	1
This time I'm going right to the top to get you out .	8
Princess [PERSON] ! Come down !	2
What is schizophrenia but a horrifying state where what's in here doesn't match what's out there ?	4
I will behave beautifully this afternoon , you will see .	2
I want you to meet this young lady , okay ?	2
Where is she ?	2
Yeah , okay , judge [PERSON] . ( Laughs ) What does judge [PERSON] have to do with it ?	2
What are you saying ? Read the fine print .	1
That's very sporting of you .	5
Drop that wood !	1
Yes , sir , that is some good joke .	5
You sure she's gonna show ?	2
Then I'm going to write him a letter right now and cheer him up .	2
You wouldn't close him down if you were [PERSON] , would you ?	7
Why are you doing this to yourself ?	1
So be it . I will be the first corpse .	6
What happened to him ?	7
I'll show you what we have .	2
Good boy .	8
Stay here .	8
What's gone ?	2
We're going to lose a man like [PERSON] here for that ?	3
What the fuck are you trying to do ?	1
You'll never guess where we've just been .	2
[PERSON] , are you okay ?	4
Get outta here , you goddamn parasite .	3
Looks like you're going to have a party tonight .	2
What'd he say ?	2
You're really gonna like the way Adrian cooks .	2
Wan na hear what I wrote about you ?	2
All the best people stay here .	8
No , I would be beholden .	2
I know , under the circumstances , it's a bit much but you have a unique knowledge for our purpose .	8
Not the gondola , not the gondola .	4
Out of my court before I order your arrest !	1
It's coming form up there .	2
I don't know what the bastard expect of me .	3
I'm telling you . I want to be there when [PERSON] says to me that there will be an increase in Medicare .	8
You look really good .	5
You flaming fucking [GAY SLUR] !	3
I hate the British !	1
I'm here to help you .	8
I can hardly wait for you to grow up .	3
If you take a swim , I'd have to take a swim .	8
Kiss my ass .	1
I want to play the pain in [PERSON] .	2
The Air Force will take care of these babies now .	8
It's him I'm asking , [PERSON] , not you . See ?	1
But really , was there any choice ?	6
Can you share with me ?	8
Sin .	3
Why not a couple more fights ?	2
You'd best come home with me .	8
Gentlemen , to Admiral [PERSON] .	2
You're not trying to get a story ?	7
Are you saying he's dead ? Not lying down dead , my friend .	2
It works ! I'm cured !	5
It'll probably kill me , too .	4
How far back do you and he go ?	8
Deal them up , Shooter .	2
So , did you watch I Spy last night ?	2
[PERSON] , what's going on ?	1
After that pathetic scene in the parking lot , she is fucked and should resign .	3
Unbelievable .	7
Would you like to hear something ?	2
I'm gonna leave .	1
So secret they didn't even talk about it .	2
It's another little reminder of why we pulled this thing .	1
Hey , did you collect from the Ryans yet ?	2
This is between ... me and him , and no one else .	1
I'm not gonna fire you .	1
Bring my gun when you come back !	1
Your mommy took you to the hospital because you were hurt .	7
We found the bomb .	4
I happen to like [PERSON] .	5
Nothing can make up for the loss of your life savings ...	6
A warship .	2
I ain't gonna be a nobody .	1
Except the way she was killed .	4
I was at home with my baby mother !	1
Every day , you give this azupep a dollar for sweeping our sidewalk .	3
I don't think she's intelligent either .	3
Will you shut up about the Army ?	1
Get that goddamn thing on film !	1
He's been in uniform nine months but he's a good boy .	8
Hey there , little buddy .	5
X-Ray , this is Bad Karma .	4
Then give me your home number .	1
May [PERSON] and [PERSON]'s exorcism tonight Be this network's biggest ratings bonanza !	8
Well , not so dangerous .	5
Elder , what should we do now ?	8
There's nothing sweeter than sharing a secret with an enemy .	8
He died a week ago .	6
Good stuff , was it ? - The best .	8
Don't talk like that .	1
You want some vodka ?	2
It must be difficult to let go of something so beautiful .	6
You need a good pop on the butt like I used to give your mother !	1
Don't look at me with those soft - boiled eggs .	1
He takes good care of that .	8
I'm dizzy , I'm gonna faint .	4
I'll call all your wives and girls for you .	2
It'll be lovely .	2
So , a rose is not a rose , and an umbrella has nothing to do with rain .	7
Hey , what are you drawing there ?	2
cause if you take two big bites and just swallow it , It could get stuck in your throat .	1
A very mean hand .	2
Let's do it .	8
You know , I never saw this episode .	5
This witness will testify about a bar glass . They have no bar glass .	6
Oh , but you're not alone now .	8
I'd waited so long !	6
Don't tell me to take it easy !	1
Did you get drunk , dance in your underwear , and sing sea shanties ?	1
I warn you , colonel if I am to die , others will die before me .	1
I just want to learn my lessons and do my studies . So I can be smart and become a priest !	2
Ornery as a mule , just like [PERSON] . - l heard that !	1
For [PERSON]'s sake !	1
Well , what are we waiting for , Shooter ?	2
Okay , I have to study Returns and Exchanges .	1
Hey , professor !	5
Downstairs .	4
My responsibility ?	1
If you start to hesitate , call me .	2
l'll bring [PERSON] and one other .	2
Tonight's the night .	2
Hey , she loves those flabellina oculina !	5
I never thought I'd make it .	7
No , it's OK .	2
What the hell is going on here , [PERSON] ?	1
You and me getting ready to go to the opera house in [LOCATION] .	2
[PERSON] , what's your status ? - Hawkins , talk to me !	4
We also escaped with the million pounds of somebody else's money .	1
You love me , don't you ?	5
What have you got in there , [PERSON] ?	2
Hope you took your Geritol ... 'Cause it's time to dance !	2
You want me to check that oil ?	8
That's [PERSON] park , Mr. computer from downstairs . Some of the hardware is so outdated .	3
I've lost , pounds on the horses .	6
The State offers as evidence ... From the defendant's suitcoat ... A hair identified by the Police Crime Lab as that of the deceased .	2
I suppose that she forgot or he did not think that it might die .	6
C'mon [PERSON] , we got ta find her before the old lech does .	1
A very good man .	5
Her father murdered her mother .	3
Could [PERSON]'s carriers do a reconnaissance job for us ?	2
Put your swords down !	1
Yeah , all right , you got a lot goin' .	6
Some loser gets a crush on you , you could throw him in the river , tie him to a piano and he'd come back faster than a dog with a bone .	1
My heart is weak , and I'm too old .	1
This isn't going to be as easy to get out of .	4
Okay , we need to locate [PERSON]'s father immediately .	2
Father , this could kill you . Yes . Yes , but that's irrelevant .	8
Who took her body ?	7
She helped the Royals take her . We're going to need you on this .	8
They have the opposing counsel's secretary poking around in their goddamn file room .	1
Don't you find that kind of disturbing ?	3
I've had it up to here .	1
But now , I don't suppose I shall ever see it again .	6
What do you mean , no ? You callin' me a liar ?	1
So if you're not busy , you want to go to a fraternity party ?	2
He's getting married in minutes .	7
How much of that junk are we gonna bring up ?	3
Are you looking for somebody ?	7
That's not bad for a blind man .	7
Even so drunk , your brain is the greatest this side the [LOCATION] .	3
Aren't things bad enough without you talking about dying ?	1
I'm sure you'll be happy with [PERSON] .	2
Do what he says .	1
I really am in a hurry .	4
The dove was a ghost ?	7
It couldn't have been me , sir .	4
You tried to recruit her once before .	8
It'll make you cry .	1
Lovely lads and so natural .	8
Now , because I screwed up , read from that book , one lousy time , evil has found me .	4
Get me out of here .	4
I feel like I messed it up .	4
Stand back , Inspector , or I'll shoot you .	1
You fucking little douchebag .	1
Why I bother to look so good when there's no one here to admire the end product is beyond me . Know what I mean ?	1
People do when they've been ill .	6
There ! I got it .	2
If you don't tell me all you know , you become an accessory before the fact of murder .	3
Every dog I ever knew seemed to have a very nice life indeed .	5
I'm gonna get the girls .	2
You have the most beautiful place here .	5
Go away .	1
I don't like your type in my streets .	3
Hell , I got a whole yard full of stuff you can start in on next .	2
You guys don't hear nothing , cos if you did we wouldn't be sitting here .	8
Let's take a walk .	2
I will fight against both !	1
Which we tried to deliver here . This is not evidence .	8
A force of nature capable of giving rise to all things wicked ?	4
It's me , [PERSON] .	2
Backpage refused to cooperate with the subcommittee's investigation .	1
Doctor , will my brother be able to come home to the farm soon ?	2
You don't know how much satisfaction it's been to me .	5
You gonna play the Kid ?	2
Weather conditions have improved tremendously over the mainland , so you won't have any trouble seeing the target .	5
My pleasure .	8
Here , here , here . Oh - la - la .	5
I am very confident [LOCATION] is lying about an American being on board .	1
Tell the governor I won't wait any longer .	2
Excuse me ...	1
Ninotchka , let me confess something .	8
Probably I'm prejudiced , but it seems to me that [PERSON] is a pretty cute young lady .	5
I'll take good care of it .	8
Shot by a mad pharmacist or run over by a car while fleeing from police pursuit .	3
It's ugly , old and musty .	3
There must be a reason for this .	8
We'll miss the complimentary beverage .	6
Ah , for fuck's sake , mate .	1
What didn't work ?	2
You want a job ?	8
He's wrong for us .	3
You can give him a hug when we get home .	2
I have a terrible feeling he cut off my head .	4
Oh , is this the breathtaking view ?	5
Don't leave me here , please !	4
Bad news . Your father cleaned out your bank account to pay for the damage to his store .	1
He's on every channel .	3
I can think of no occasion that has given me more pleasure .	5
Whoa , look at that fish .	2
Take care !	5
But , what if it doesn't work ?	4
What a cruel shame that any man is made to suffer so .	6
The beast is at the gates !	4
Then why the hell are we here ?	1
You have no respect for position .	3
A dead animal !	4
You're going to love International Cafe Society .	5
Try something now , the brat gets his .	3
He probably doesn't remember me .	6
That's a good name .	5
A desecration of what used to be the finest .	6
It upsets me that you suspect him , even for a second .	1
You've got some legitimate complaints .	8
There was no way she would have showed up if she didn't think she was safe , especially with the child .	2
Besides ... , I don't want us to get too involved .	4
You have to come and see us as soon as we get back .	2
Now it's show time .	2
The girl escaped ... the other one and my son are looking for her .	1
So he has migraine headaches and he rolls steel balls . So what ?	1
We weren't thinking of going quite that far with it .	7
You'll have your own room with all the conveniences .	8
Just after she stopped seeing me .	6
Hi . Come on , dad , let's play ! Come on , dad , please , let's play .	2
Opening night never starts on time .	6
I'm taking him out to see monuments .	2
You have talent , I made the best use of it .	8
We can't . We were never together .	6
Will you tell me what awful thing I did to you when you were a child ?	3
I saw one of those things take thirty hits and keep on coming .	4
Do tell me more about her .	2
Why are you so good to us ?	7
[PERSON] , give us a bit of help .	8
I wouldn't have believed it .	7
Except we're not behind schedule , we're ahead of it .	5
I kept my mouth shut because I didn't want them to get in trouble .	6
It can't be that difficult .	1
Oh my , where are my manners ?	8
Get on out of here !	1
This is history .	6
We like it .	5
Damn it , Hob , [PERSON] needs us !	1
You have to have enough imagination to visualize the crime .	1
You need to tell us you understand .	8
Every time I run into you , you tell me whatever shady thing just went down was about the greater good or that it didn't happen , or this , that , or the other .	1
You're a killer !	3
You won't take my check . I'll say .	1
Are you going to be married ?	2
You can't order me to do that .	1
Hey .	8
[PERSON] , you're so sweet to worry about [PERSON] like this for me .	5
He's signed all those deeds back to their rightful owners .	8
So my father was murdered .	4
Don't go away !	4
You should really count it , you know .	2
Wait ! Wait right here !	1
I think she's great .	5
I don't know , maybe we're all just spooked .	4
I would like to come to your camp .	2
Oh yeah .	8
You let me down , [PERSON] .	1
I mean I can't swim .	4
I love champagne .	5
I'm working on a plan to get your case reviewed .	8
My brother took all your cigarettes ? I have another pack .	8
The hair looks good .	5
Now ...	3
I thought they were with [PERSON] .	7
Jesus !	7
That ain't gonna be easy .	4
The Food Chain will purchase an apartment for you of your choice .	2
No , now not !	1
Put the man in the cauldron immediately	1
Don't do it !	4
Okay , well , it doesn't really matter now .	8
It cheered me up infinitamente .	5
Stay away from her , you wife beater !	3
Your address is inside the cover . Really ?	1
I'm in a strange man surrounded by strangers in a strange room !	4
I demand a court - martial for murder !	1
All the poor young girls .	6
Why , we's the two most friendly vibrations you ever seen .	5
Once that secret mentions the visit of the president at a secret air base for the purpose of inspecting things from outer space .	3
I hear you , [PERSON] .	8
Am I so strange to you ?	6
Get off me !	1
You look like a man of property .	8
You understand what that would mean .	8
School's gonna be a problem for the kids .	4
I discovered that actually [PERSON] was not in [LOCATION] ... when the storm of battle broke .	7
Listen , I - I know you're gonna think this is real dumb of me , but , uh , I haven't been feeling very good lately , and , uh ...	2
Now he takes an utter stranger into the family .	3
The manners of a great big educated ape .	3
Hey , [PERSON] , you going to the convention tomorrow ?	2
That was a nice tribute to the guys .	5
Isn't that a dog up there ?	7
Look , sir , we haven't much time .	4
They bite your neck and drink your blood .	3
Then you take care of her .	8
Drink to the winner !	5
Captain ...	4
Sometimes it's hard for us to understand the Lord's ways .	6
[PERSON] . [PERSON] , what happened ?	4
Is she crazy or what ?	1
It's simple and I'm helping , so we knock it off in three or four days .	2
They notified me .	1
I've got you the assignment of your dreams !	2
It was everything I promised .	8
I thought you might want a little cheering up .	5
I told her you didn't fuck around .	8
But you shouldn't open other people's letters .  	1
What could possibly be the matter ?	1
You must teach me .	8
I don't think I'm tired . - Oh , I think you are .	1
Well , maybe you can help me .	2
Wipe that fucking smile off your face !	3
I want those two guys banished from her life .	1
Well , too much TV is bad for my ears .	1
[PERSON] , I'd like to talk with you about the bank .	2
How big is this thing ?	7
I loved you for it , just as my father did .	5
Somehow I had to reach [PERSON] , to survive .	4
That's the trouble with you .	1
[PERSON]'s going in there and lend a little comfort to the prisoners .	2
What I want you to do is go over to your church , get crosses , and prayer books , and Bibles , and whatever the hell else you people use .	2
We got 'em again !	1
There's hope that we'll both survive .	5
[PERSON] , please don't go .	4
Hey , fuck off !	1
I'm afraid it can't be done , sir !	4
But I don't know why because we're just having a nice evening at home watching a movie .	1
I should stay where I belong .	6
Well , I can't understand that .	1
Uh-oh uh-oh ... Why did you take down the [LOCATION] Lace number ?	4
You look a little off - colour , [PERSON] .	4
You could tell just by looking at him that half the time he didn't know where he was .	7
[PERSON] , I am in danger .	4
Can you believe it ? It's too tacky .	1
Oh , it's still there .	7
Motherfucker .	1
You're the serious one .	1
I just keep thinking that he needed me and I wasn't there .	6
In this world full of hatred a man who knows that one rule has a great trust .	8
Hey [PERSON] , let's introduce everybody to [PERSON] tonight .	2
You're harming them psychologically .	3
What you got on me , Kid ?	1
Can we get there without being seen ?	4
What exactly are we looking for , [PERSON] ?	2
l knew you were gonna say that .	5
You bet !	5
It will be , will be .	8
You mustn't worry about him , really .	8
You can do it , buddy .	2
He didn't look well last night .	6
You killed him .	3
Why don't we see if we can find a nice place for her .	2
And without [PERSON] , it's better to let these people with the black suits and the Swiss haircuts worry about things you and I don't begin to understand .	3
Out in the country that , uh ...	4
Well , [PERSON] seems divinely happy .	5
I feel some concern for his safety .	4
Of all things to keep secret , the fact that there is this bountiful option that we have of reaching out into the stars and being friendly neighbors with other civilizations in sharing information , and sharing resources , and sharing knowledge , and sharing spiritual insights and values .	8
Take a look at these wrinkles and these here grey hairs .	3
I am going to report you to the police .	3
He'll never give up .	8
They're going to choose you . I just know it .	2
[PERSON] . I'm all shook up .	4
How did this get started ?	1
It's a lovely night for the party .	5
You don't often see a set of charlies that nice .	7
I don't want this no more .	3
You are so infuriating .	1
They've been infected with the bacteria .	3
These guys , they don't do it for money . - What ? - They don't do it for money .	4
Is that right ?	7
No , I don't guess it is .	7
Why have you been carrying the bags with you all the time ?	7
Why don't you kids come for a walk with us ?	2
Bring him .	1
If it's so nutritious , how come I don't see you eating it ?	3
Mrs [PERSON] , do you know what you just ordered ?	7
In the last two years of his life , he gave away most of his fortune ... in large , anonymous donations , to your charity .	2
You're running the risk of harming your children .	4
You do realize you're talking about going after an FBI agent ?	4
Women say , lt's not the fact that you left . lt's the way you did it .  	8
Mom would love that .	2
They'd go to Congress and get more funding .	6
I can raise my voice in my own home .	1
So you can see [PERSON] is deep in trouble .	4
He walks into the house without even knocking .	3
[PERSON] , shall we continue to plan ?	1
Do I look like a baroness ?	7
We aren't planning to build a toy , [PERSON] .	1
Incredible .	7
Who says ?	3
Come on , it'll do your heart good .	5
No , I don't need time ...	1
♪ Poo - poo , pee - too ♪	5
It might get infected .	4
Is he gonna be okay ?	4
Almost looked like they were nude .	3
What are you doin' here ?	7
I tried my best to make a man out of him ... but it look like I failed somewhere .	6
[PERSON] will ruin this bank if we don't stop him .	4
Waste that fucker !	4
Getting raped on a daily basis by upwards of adults a day , having at these seventh grade kids any way they want .	1
No , thanks , I almost died once already today .	1
And ... a little looking out for the other fellow too .	8
Why should that worry you ?	7
This itself may have placed the entire country's safety in jeopardy .	4
You've got a real twisted mind , haven't you ?	3
Hey , bike's been sold .	5
I've been sleeping with women .	5
Otherwise ... she'll kill him .	4
Why do the Chinese care so much about what's on this Russian boat ?	2
Blow it , [PERSON] !	1
What the hell ?	1
I'm afraid to let her try .	4
We're friends !	8
Why wouldn't they have told me ?	7
I might have expected your thanks for what I've done this day ... but very well , let it be so .	1
Listen , don't forget my door is always open to artistic people .	8
Oh , he's hurt !	4
Sorry , pal .	6
Grown - up men playing with monkeys .	3
He didn't say anything about a dam .	7
Fucking [GAY SLUR] .	1
How this could become part of the legacy of The Village Voice is depressing to me .	3
Don't we need supplies ?	7
Isabelle ... I. . . I need you .	8
This is no time to play in the snow .	1
Let's belly up to the bar and get us some refreshment .	2
I'm delighted .	5
I'm talking about a fantastic international extravaganza , to be held in [LOCATION] , called Lettin' It Go In [LOCATION] .	2
My pleasure , sir .	5
Yep , glad to hear ... see you like music , too ?	2
Where's my mom ?	4
What's wrong ?	2
Everything is cold and finished .	6
This hysterical [PERSON] who tried to kill her husband .	3
I brought my man [PERSON] here to see how you big boys work .	8
It would be a pity if you died , not me	6
Oh , I'm so glad .	5
That's how wars start .	6
One two three !	5
I didn't mean to ruin your evening .	6
Don't worry , we won't take the brief , but an old friend needs help .	8
I can tell you now I was a little worried when I heard you weren't going to be here yourself .	4
But I do , I beat their time .	1
And you're gonna have to blow me up too !	1
lt's beautiful .	8
Let's tell ghost stories .	2
I mean ... except with you .	8
You disturb the neighbors , I'll cut you up and eat you for dinner .	3
I can't trust nobody .	4
You can at least , for Christ's sake ... lie to me .	6
Well , now I'll tell you what I had on my mind .	2
Yeah ! Yeah ... Yes !	1
Oh , don't worry about it , Captain .	8
Do some more rolling and tossing and thinking about it .	3
How come ?	2
I have to get out of here . or what's left of my family is going to die .	4
But hell , what a cop .	8
Earth , open up !	2
The part that really bothered me was the part where he indicated that ,	3
You spoil me for death .	3
They got ta be out of their minds !	7
Yeah , but you're fucking doing it .	1
You know , I'm really worried about the kid .	8
I think he wants to die .	2
Daddy , you found [PERSON] !	7
You're full of surprises .	7
I don't know much about him , but I'd say he has good taste .	5
Jolly good .	5
If I have to compete with someone , you might let me start on even terms .	3
[PERSON] killed [PERSON] ?	4
How did we ever stand each other in that plane for three years during the war ?	7
King [PERSON] , voodoo priest of the [LOCATION] posses .	4
I want Mommy !	8
Wait a minute now .	7
If it would have helped , I'd have yelled it in the streets .	1
The first person who's nice to us is another out - of - towner .	7
♪ A whale of a tale , and it's all true ♪	5
Hush that yowling .	1
There's nothing you can do .	6
I can hear it ring from the boat . Let it ring a Iong time .	2
No need to shove !	3
Mrs. aglet , I apologize , But I guess I've always felt That these stories of demonic possession	1
I married [PERSON] because I was in love with him .	8
Oh , no , no , no .	7
That's a shame , isn't it ?	1
What flight and what name ? The name is ...	2
All I heard was trash talk .	6
We're gonna get married .	2
The desert ?	2
I look forward to it , sir .	8
Aren't you gonna do something ?	7
Why the sudden change of heart ?	2
No , because in a few hours we'll be at the [LOCATION] .	2
Quiet now , please , everyone pay attention .	2
Hit the one in the middle .	1
Oh , very nice .	5
I hate this frigging place .	1
I never thought of that , sir .	7
Miss [PERSON] , before anything else happens ,	4
More love talk , hm ?	8
I understand perfectly .	7
I told you no liquor in the office .	3
You're full of shit !	3
You intend to take it yourself ?	7
I feel like such a fool .	6
Poor lieutenant laker .	6
We'd love to .	2
What a man !	7
Of course I'll help you .	8
She ... She does not speak for the rest of us , Mr. [PERSON] .	4
Take me out . Help me !	4
I'm really sorry .	6
Was he hurt bad ?	4
Come on , get on .	1
That ... that horse we ride those pick six guys bought back ?	1
Let's put this on your wrist . What is that ? Ok , this is a digital heart monitor .	4
Oh , I'll get the hang of it soon .	2
I know our men .	8
Fuckin' wearin' me out .	6
I'm not stupid , Mr. [PERSON] .	1
Yeah , I sure feel sorry for you , [LOCATION] .	6
Come on . Let's go ! Let's wrap this thing up .	2
It's all bullshit .	3
Hey , you're very light on your feet .	5
Any of you guys call me [PERSON] , and I'll kill you .	1
From a year of war you've become lazy , a drunkard and a coward .	3
Elder ...	1
What can you expect from filthy little heathens ?	3
Is this the greatest day in your career ?	2
A man , just like you , fated to being imprisoned	6
Don't we like [PERSON] ?	7
Are you guys brothers !	7
God bless you .	8
Who's talking about cowardice ?	3
So , you're just going to let this woman blackmail you without a fight ?	1
Get off my back . I want to go home .	4
May I say , my dear Colonel , that it's good to breathe the air of the Gestapo again .	5
You're suffering from small eyes and fat asses .	3
I'm not exactly ashamed of that one myself .	5
You must go , go at once , before [PERSON] catches you here .	4
You can't charge me for directions .	1
Now , that ... that would be unexpected .	7
I think he's right . - I don't want to hear it !	3
Hit me back , you coward .	1
They can go to hell !	1
This was the genius of the stroke :	5
Why , that's exactly what I was about to do , sugar .	2
The messenger seemed like a nice man .	8
Oh , I don't know .	6
You are one ugly mother ... Motherfucker !	3
I think you'll like it .	2
You won't be needing this anymore and I think your boyfriend's had his gut full of races !	1
You'll get killed just to give something away .	4
Did you know I used to be the 11th best fencer in [LOCATION] ?	5
If we screw up graduation , we'll have to take basics all over again .	4
What goes through your mind comes out of your mouth .	3
Send me to [LOCATION] .	2
I treat her like what she is to me , nothing .	3
The bride on whom the rain doth fall .  	5
[PERSON] is the best cop I ever saw .	5
I'm going to destroy all of you evil monks	1
I understand ! You're provoking me into hitting you	8
No one really ever accepted me .	6
You ready for a rematch ?	2
Asking who I sleep with isn't personal anymore ? What do you want to know , if I smoke ?	1
Did you have a warrant ?	6
You know how long l've been looking for you , you spic fink ?	1
Look in my mouth .	8
The show is about to commence .	2
That's nice .	5
I will have no dealings with the Grand Duchess nor her representative .	1
You know , you're gonna get yourself killed .	4
I knew you were a good man .	8
He -- he's a friend .	4
Oh , you make me so hot !	5
Yeah , he's a first - class asshole , that's for sure .	3
To be frank , they could be gone by Monday .	8
You dare hold your queen up to ridicule ?	3
You're crazy .	7
Well , I - I got ta be going . Uh ...	8
Does he come here often ?	2
Welcome to [LOCATION] !	2
Who killed the music ?	1
Now it's yours .	8
The killer is insane !	3
We have means of controlling it .	8
Wow .	8
Did you like Captain [PERSON] ?	2
It wasn't even loaded .	7
No pension plan , no insurance .	1
Or did you think to find me grown gray completely ?	1
Little [PERSON]'s been so lonely ...	6
It's very important to relax , old boy .	5
I don't believe you . - You can't accuse me , sir .	1
Do not talk about that son of a bitch .	1
I love my country .	8
Please . Look , this is ridiculous . You do not have to apologize .	2
No , forget it .	1
You've nothin to bitch about !	3
I have rights .	1
It was fine . You've been away all this time ?	7
And stop fidgeting .	1
Fucking six ...	1
I don't care what it is , as long as it floats .	8
My headache's much worse .	6
Attention on deck .	2
Listen , you son of a bitch .	1
The performance was superb .	5
Nobody's gonna ruin the union !	1
Fuck them !	1
So leave us alone and anybody who wants it gets it .	1
Get up , you son of a bitch , cos [PERSON] loves ya .	8
I will get [PERSON] out of the way .	8
Father , maybe we could ... Go in the other room and speak privately ?	4
We need protection .	8
It almost feels like you're one of us now .	8
Yesterday they didn't even have a kid and now they have a seven - year - old .	7
Shut up ! And take those dresses off !	1
He's gonna kill you !	4
Maybe a little noisier .	3
I'm so afraid for you .	4
Come here !	1
Doc , I don't want to fly any more .	6
What do you know about this ?	1
Two minutes more and we'll know if your idea was any good .	2
[PERSON] is stupid .	3
You can't take a bill nobody's heard of and discuss it among 96 , men .	1
That people would go and do that !	1
You have not even taken off his shoes .	3
Yes . Yes , I'd like to hire you as an employee .	7
Just because it is big and white and a yacht , is it not still dirt ?	1
Can you see anything ... anything at all ?	2
I need protection .	4
You make me very happy .	5
I got a great personality , you ask anybody .	5
Joséphine ?	7
Thank you for letting me trespass .	8
If [PERSON]'s a good boy , he gets the jackpot .	2
Didn't think we'd be getting to see you .	7
Yes , he loves you .	5
Because you like power .	3
Yes , yes , yes . Shit , I must have .	2
That ought to teach those [LOCATION] to stay away from my house .	3
Gentlemen , it is difficult to admit to an error .	6
I'll argue with him about it later .	1
You forgive yourself .	8
The man has the biggest murder case in the city ... And he has to kiss your ring ?	3
That is not true .  	1
You want me to go in there ?	7
[PERSON] , he shouldn't be up here .	1
My stools were a little loose .	4
I wanted to stop you from doing something you'd be sorry for .	4
Hey , you two with the mileage upgrades , sit down .	1
Goodbye , [PERSON] .	6
Now he'll be able to have everything he's always wanted and couldn't afford .	2
I hate you .	1
I am not your horse .	6
He forgets easy what that money cost me .	1
No , it's not .	1
Does anything ever happen here ?	1
Don't anybody move !	4
Are you ready for my surprise ?	2
Where's your sense of humor ?	7
I thought you weren't coming home till tomorrow .	7
Do you want to be a truck driver again ?	1
Yeah . - That's right .	8
Cross , man , it's gonna cost you .	1
Those dirty bastards !	3
Because you know I'm gonna walk out of that court , just like I did before .	2
You poor son of a bitch .	1
The things we have to do in these heathen countries . There must be an easier way to set a trap !	1
I took a sabbatical , and I traveled . But no matter where I went , The memory of that awful night	6
He's a gutless wonder .	3
What you did to me all those years ago .	1
She's with me now , whitebread .	1
I'm taking over the [LOCATION] office .	2
You don't know how to train ?	1
Hey , let me outta here !	4
I'll be the man .	8
Don't you worry about it .	8
Aye , it might be the monster , all right !	4
Then I went to the liquor store I grabbed a bottle , and I started drinking .	6
I served next to your jellied spine for two decades .	3
Can't be good for the image .	4
Despite our power the few of us would be busy indefinitely trying to suppress a large , hostile population .	4
We're lucky not to be home during the bad weather , aren't we ?	5
I got some news .	2
Get me a prisoner , understand ?	1
It's an investment ?	7
This thing that's killing your people and mine is from the other side .	4
There . There .	8
And if they try to , they'll find you dead .	1
I'm ready to testify . He'll go to jail .	8
Shit food !	1
They had ...	6
It will make them sick .	4
please don't let them take me !	4
Come on , let's have some kicks .	2
I don't know how I got home that night . The most difficult part was trying to ... act normal when I paid off the babysitter .	4
You found it on a bench , a dog's been at it ...	3
Now , listen , we got three more innings .	8
Come on . Stop complaining .	1
It should be fun doing some detective work .	8
Do we have a deal ?	8
So , I'm here .	8
I thought I was the best stud - poker player in the world .	6
Don't let that cop get away with this .	1
l 'm feeling much more relaxed now . - Good .	2
Let me tell you something about my life .	8
I'm going to hit you now Ready or not , here it comes !	2
Sweetie , you get the pleasure .	5
Finish her !	1
No . ls someone looking for me ?	7
Besides , she's new .	8
We're on a roll .	5
Pain - in - the - balls [PERSON] needs to go see the chest doctor .	2
That Englishman wants a fight ?	1
I have a coach not pulled by four horses , but with the power of .	5
Even if we die ?	4
Bring her back , girls , alive !	1
I had a grandpa . He was nice to me . He liked ties on Sundays .	5
Tell us about the king !	2
Thank you , but I wouldn't dream of disgracing the family with a divorce .	6
How about that mess .	3
Just cable your agent collect , if you've still got an agent .	3
Tell her we're waiting .	1
You'll never be sorry .	1
I know you want to get out of here , and so do I. We're going to do it .	8
As in ... pointless .	1
A lost decade , but it was worth it to make your father pay for my loss .	1
Oh , for [PERSON]'s sake , don't say anything about that around here .	4
And that's my mother ... running away .	1
You're back .	3
I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't been there .	8
Can I have a beer in the same glass ?	2
I don't feel very good .	3
I'll show you how to make up your eyes and your lips .	8
When you listen to the evidence , ask yourselves ... Why [PERSON] ... The finest prosecutor of this county ...	6
So you've decided to have me removed piece by piece ...	3
Why not ?	2
She's very sick .	6
I don't want you on here right now .	1
If you ever talk to me like that again ... I'll make sure you never win another election in your life .	3
Come with me .	8
Honey , you comin' to bed ?	8
By the way , any messages for me ?	2
That's not for you to say .	1
God , it's ugly here .	3
Well , you see , over here , you know , in the [LOCATION] , they have these big companies that send out these personnel directors to these colleges to sign up the bright students and their wives .	3
And not for Mr [PERSON] , love him as I may .	3
He'd undergone a lot of strain .	6
There's no order , no discipline .	3
I'm so clumsy . I'm sorry .	3
We can't feed the Russian people on your intentions .	1
They just all happened to be in the same place ...	7
I'm sure you'll agree with me that it is my duty to become our leader .	8
Well done , young man !	5
I was crazy with jealousy .	6
Clearly , we didn't trust each other with them .	6
He can't do it in the club so he makes me call [PERSON] outside , and he jams him .	7
It's all been like a crazy nightmare .	4
Charlie , have you thought how horrible it must have been ?	6
And wait till you see the pictures .	2
Well , then , bacon and eggs for me .	2
Are you coming with me ?	2
You taught that guy a lesson last night .	8
Unfortunately he has a habit of wasting taxpayers ' money .	3
More fun and games ?	1
Come on , you flabby old goat , give it to me .	3
Our lives are woven together in a fabric , but the connections that make society strong also make it vulnerable .	6
I made a deal with a cop once .	3
I don't know what I did to piss this guy off , but he decides he's gonna kill me .	1
He's of good character with an excellent war record .	8
Dear God in Heaven , even these people can't be that mad .	4
Besides , this desert climate's not too good on a girl's complexion .	6
At some point , she told me about this guy who used to come around to check on her .	1
She passed her genes down to you in all the right places .	5
That's enough .	1
She shot me , at me .	4
Judges need to be educated , the public needs to be educated , the Department of Justice needs to be educated on exactly what's going on here .	6
What kind ? Your tools are broken .	8
Will you look after [PERSON] for me ?	8
What kind of mission ?	7
What are you giving me ?	2
I want them to pay for it .	1
We don't want [PERSON] to come , the bald giant with stupid sunglasses , knocking everybody around for kicks .	3
Come on , don't just dawdle .	1
Because I already have it .	1
Your car's ready , they called .	2
And what do you say ?	2
Dawg , I just asked her if she wants some brew , that's all . Word .	2
Well , maybe she could dance one more time , just for tonight , huh ?	2
If you don't tell the truth , I can't help you .	1
It wasn't her fault , honest it wasn't .	4
Surely I can give him a word of advice .	8
You know we'll do whatever we can .	8
But then you have to live with it .	3
They sure have all the right equipment .	8
He's afraid I'll tell the truth about my relationship with [PERSON] ...	4
Seems like I hear everything that goes on in this dump .	3
I can turn myself on a dozen different ways .	2
My son's missing since last night .	4
Besides , whoever marries her will rule the entire kingdom .	8
You made money with him and you'll make it with me .	2
These words are useless .	3
Aren't you going with [PERSON] ?	2
Yeah , I think so .	2
He cooks better than his ma !	8
You'd want your mommy too , if you had to say all this . - Cut !	1
Would you stop harrassing her ? But if you'll let me point out that my client's mental state ...	1
It's too young for a heart attack .	4
Why don't you come in and join ...	2
But now I know why I have always lost women to guys like you .	6
Could've told the truth , fucked them all , had the cigarette with me . That is such bullshit !	1
That's incredible .	7
Bye , everybody !	5
All the rungs have been neatly sawn in the middle .	5
You're caught below another man's gun !	4
Mr. [PERSON] was the first man ever to treat me decent .	8
It's nice to meet you .	5
Looks like trouble ahead .	4
Do something .	4
I won't leave you .	8
Goddamn it .	1
Tonight , we will feast in his honour .	2
Fuzzball's our cat .	8
That surprises me .	7
The whole account balance bullshit , Regional knows someone's been stealing And I told them it was you .	1
I'd like to ask a few questions .	2
I just ...	8
Therefore , we do here and now band ourselves ... into a brotherhood of buccaneers ... to practice the trade of piracy on the high seas .	8
And he will be missed .	6
Anything unusual ?	2
[PERSON] , you look very handsome in a tuxedo .	5
I think you're incredible .	5
What's the matter with your arm ?	2
Welcome back , [PERSON] .	8
She went by taxi .	3
I haven't been up this early in years .	7
Yeah , perfect !	5
Where are these kind souls that are supposed to help us ?	2
Right away .	2
I'll go a distance with you to point the way .	8
Frankly , I don't recall a time when a witness has refused to testify in this fashion .	7
I'll get you there in a hurry .	8
Oh , well I'm no psychiatrist ... . She looks to me like she needs professional help .	4
It's disgusting .	3
We're begging .	4
You can't afford this .	6
Poor child .	6
A few years ago , you was a truck driver .	7
Round up everybody on a motorcycle .	2
Let me out of this glory hole !	1
Burn this !	1
And if one more guy makes a pass at me , I'm going to sock him in the face .	3
Switch over !	4
Why isn't he traveling with you ?	7
We'll get there .	2
Oh , boy , is this great !	5
Look , I'm sorry to drop by unannounced .	6
An executive order ...	1
Just hear me out on this , OK ? I've known you a long time .	8
We understand each other all the way .	8
We can't live with lies .	6
In appreciation of your great success in the fields of love and finance I wish to congratulate you on behalf of the members of the Fifth Avenue Anti-Stuffed Shirt and Flying Trapeze Club .	5
Quick ! Quick !	1
Noise , what's that noise ?	7
I hope every member of this body feels as I do .	4
Hey [PERSON] , come here and help your grandma for a minute .	2
So far , I hate it .	1
No ! What do the nuns do anyway ?	7
Here's you all playing rooster with it !	7
You said the party's over .	1
You mean you weren't sure if I was ever coming in again .	1
Now , what's this About your having a religious problem ?	7
How you doing ?	8
So no more crimes .	5
Okay ? You're gonna check in with me on a nightly basis .	5
Don't you want to hear the rest of it ?	2
Well , that's a lot of them . Whoa .	7
I'll help you .	8
Years ago , when we still had executions in the state he used to volunteer as a witness .	3
But you're safe .	5
Now he was going to pry it open .	7
She is right .	8
I told you not to come into the lobby .	1
That thing's not for real , is it ?	4
Oh , [PERSON] , darling , we were expecting you .	2
The death of [PERSON] is a tragedy .	6
You can tell him that for the both of us !	1
That could take years ... cost millions of lives .	4
Is this record correct or not ?	1
What must have been painful and difficult questions for you ... Considering your relationship to the defendant .	8
I want to take a look .	2
You're killing me .	6
For a celebrated bounder , that is an awful admission .	3
It was just ... something happened that ... hasn't happened in like years .	4
At first I was like , Why did I run away ?  	7
What the hell is the matter with you ?	1
You can't do this ...	1
I don't want any luck .	1
Want to take a look ?	8
Well , that was a mistake . I can vouch for her .	8
Watch out !	4
All right , you rat prick .	3
It is useless to ask .	1
He was [PERSON]'s beau , and he loved her , not me .	6
Oh , Christ . Don't patronize me .	1
That's when they come . That's why they're called surprises .	2
For instance , million pesos is not what it used to be .	8
We don't like [PERSON] .	1
Then you don't approve .	1
Not your father . [PERSON] .	1
I'm going to [LOCATION] with a million bucks taped to my butt unless you keep screwing around , in which case , we'll all go to jail .	1
Oh , no .	3
Cops are on strike , stupid .	1
Things will change .	8
We headed south , and excitement ran high .	5
That to marry [PERSON] would be the most senselessly cruel and destructive thing you will ever have done ?	1
Now kiss me .	2
It's over now , nobody's hurt !	5
It turned out beautifully , didn't it ?	5
Very funny . Oi , oh , officer .	5
All right , not now , but you need to hear this .	1
Isn't that amazing ?	5
Before I heard about the bombing .	1
You tell these men and Senator [PERSON] what to do ?	7
You are spoiled .	3
Then why are you hanging around here ?	7
Emotionally , she's a child .	1
I'd offer you something harder , but you don't drink ?	7
Come on , one more time and you win the grand prize .	2
Only whores smoke in public .	3
Another keen son of a bitch .	3
Take care of her , [PERSON] .	8
Damn [PERSON] , this is your last wish ?	7
You know how much money you're gonna lose in a strike ?	4
There ! Come on , everybody . Get some more stuff !	5
I refuse to answer that question .	1
Look , friend , I already told you , you don't know me .	1
Why did you run away ?	7
I'm sure you feel the same about me , so let's stay out of each other's way .	3
I've always admired the way he went into the snow for his mates .	8
It's , uh , I sold my stuff out . Besides I'm scratched up and ...	6
Do you believe that the army will have more success ?	2
But it's sad .	6
I'll be in the hotel lobby : sharp .	2
Here we are !	2
She nearly tried to kill me !	1
You're not that person anymore .	6
I live only for revenge .	1
Coffee will be ready soon .	2
But are they telling me , or are they asking me ?	7
One day , you're going to make a slip . All this wealth you've got won't check against my list .	2
He's a little bit grumpy right now .	6
First we'll get you legal and tuck you in bed with [PERSON] .	2
Look what just came in .	7
Was a [N-WORD] , was a dinge , was a coon !	3
I mean , you and I , right now , this weekend , we're here at this camp selling ourselves .	1
I don't know why I'm in such a hurry to get into trouble again .	4
Oh , God , no . Oh , no .	4
It's okay . It's mine .	8
You gonna bust everybody , or am I ?	2
Too much so	6
He kept expecting a bolt of lightning to come out of of the sky and strike him dead .	4
I can't tell you about it .	8
I'm gonna use it .	2
Aw . What happened ?	6
It didn't feel to me like you were interested in talking just now .	6
No , but you know that bottle of whisky we had in the kitchen all this time ?	2
You look pretty good up there yourself .	7
You didn't have to do that .	1
Three , for luck .	8
Everyone sees this thing except me .	6
Is this [PERSON] , who we went to [LOCATION] with ?	7
We're ready and waiting .	2
You know what , I will call you back . Okay ? I love you .	8
You'll make a good living cow - thieving .	3
A pleasure to meet someone who understands that to the true gambler ... money is never an end in itself but simply a tool , as language is to thought .	8
What the fuck takes a week ?	1
I'm tired of being pawed .	1
Ladies and gentlemen , the big event you've been waiting for .	2
My idea is that the government lends us the money and then the boys pay it back by sending pennies and nickels .	8
Here's my answer , you dirty ...	3
The bitch !	1
I'd like to go home .	1
You're young and strangely sweet .	5
Oh , Sorry [PERSON] .	7
You've ruined the puzzle .	1
Are you confused ?	1
Have a think , Barley .	1
If I wanted to come in , no lock could keep me out .	1
We'd better go or we'll miss the movie .	2
I'm very sorry about that , Miss.[LOCATION] . .	6
And they won't let you get away with this .	2
I'm going with you .	2
[PERSON] , do you think people will see this video in [LOCATION] ?	2
I want a monster truck .	2
I live in a fucking bed - sit .	1
I'm his prey .	4
Let's just say I'm chickenshit .	6
Do you always lie ?	3
You done real good , son .	8
And people do the strangest things , too .	7
To find out whether you're a gambler or a trainer .	2
Want a drink ?	8
That seems a pity .	6
A queen has no hour for love .	6
Ha ha ! Hi ! Hi , everybody !	5
Father [PERSON] . Your priest .	8
Looks like it's gonna be a long night .	6
I love him , you know .	8
The facing page looks as intellectual as a snake .	3
I would want no one else .	8
Could you use some help , Mr. [PERSON] ?	8
I don't make deals with peasants !	3
I'm saying you've been marking these cards .	1
I. . .	4
If you can get to his phones , we'll have our leads .	2
He won't be bribed or threatened .	8
A gunfight .	4
In fact , we're so bad that we're disbanding .	6
Oh , no ?	4
He's got such gentle eyes .	8
Do you feel like having Italian tonight ?	2
What do you hope to accomplish ?	1
As much as I would regret saving his .	1
How lucky you lawyers are .	5
Brings out the best in you , [PERSON] .	5
I read it in a report this morning and ...	6
And I hope that someday you will join me here .	2
How great can you kiss ?	7
What use is courage if you have no head ?	3
We found his badge .	7
I didn't think you'd shoot .	7
Don't I know you from somewhere ?	3
It was hideous .	3
Why you raising ' up a lady's hopes like that ?	1
I didn't want you to be hungry .	6
You can tell from here ?	7
Do people think I'm a carbon copy or a second - rate pretender who only got a shot because of my skin tone ?  	1
The killer ! - There's no killer here .	7
Yes , [PERSON] found him slumped over his desk that morning ...	6
My little finger , it's all black and blue .	4
Isn't this a school day ?	7
All I could think of was that they were going to kill me .	4
[PERSON] , I'm not interested in this . Of course you're not .	6
Don't be afraid .	8
We're doing the right thing , [PERSON] .	8
You don't know a damn thing about soldiering .	1
No , you're perfectly right .	8
I don't care how you do it , but you find that desert rat .	3
I can't .	1
How do you know I wouldn't miss it ?	2
You don't get it , do you ?	1
Fucking hell , man !	4
You start trouble , and I start bleeding .	4
You've been greatest friend to me .	8
My good [PERSON] , the Lady Inglethorp is killed and it is necessary to know everything to be able to avenge it .	1
Let's get out of here !	4
Six months ?	1
She's an awful sweet little thing .	5
You still workin' on that deal ?	7
Shut up or you're dead !	1
Out .	1
Look , forget about her for a second and get in here .	8
You done real fine .	5
I want every one of them out of here .	1
You touch [PERSON] again and I'll kill you .	1
You got our package back , man .	5
OK , the same day , I'm reading the Post and there's this item on [PERSON] , the radio guy who does those gross jokes about [LOCATION] and the Betty Ford Center .	3
It ended very badly .	6
We'll work beautifully together .	5
Sure , [PERSON] , yeah .	8
All my powers have gone .	6
[PERSON]'s bugging me .	1
Get these men out of here .	1
He doesn't stand a shot in hell !	2
Don't go up .	4
They're real , aren't they ?	7
The whole buck ?	2
I can do anything .	5
I guess I don't take criticism very well . But I mean , I've had one day of work on this and two conversations about what's missing in my performance .	6
Shut your mouth !	1
Aw , I'll do what I damn well please .	8
Yet somehow I felt within myself a new source of power .	5
Shut up !	1
Hear me , vain and foolish mortal woman .	3
I'm taking a bath .	2
If you would've had four fours , you would've won .	6
But until then , Mr Boot , you'll get yourself the best newspaperman you ever had .	8
Autographed by the criminal himself . Hey , buddy , are you gonna read it or buy it ?	1
When you come back , you got good jobs .	2
What you have done ?	1
Yeah , I'm aware of that . And they have all of them .	1
You shouldn't be in here .	1
All right , let's get the hell out .	4
The directors can't wait for these reports .	2
Nemo has won him over completely .	8
Every part is tested again and again .	8
I never thought I'd see the day . Will you move over June , I can't see my knockout of a granddaughter ?	6
I am not powerful enough	6
Really , it is so good to see you .	8
When [PERSON] came back she was dead .	4
Not you . Not Agent [PERSON] . Me .	6
Grab this oar .	1
You damn fool ! I told you to get off this case !	1
Excellent !	5
And life begins again .	8
I don't like the way you are looking at me .	1
Look at the rosy cheeks .	5
The most valuable asset against Sandstorm that we've got , and instead of turning him to our side , we're actually pushing him away .	1
My champagne is not properly cooled .	3
I really love her and she likes me .	5
To begin with , a thief .	3
It's portable , long - range , very expensive .	8
They know that if that power was , you know , delineated to the average person , we wouldn't need them anymore .	4
I take it for granted that a person of an innocent state of mind ... Would rule himself out as a suspect ... And save a busy detective from wasting time .	1
No , Your Majesty !	1
I've never seen anything like it before .	7
I have wonderful news for you .	5
Such vanity .	3
We want it now .	2
You don't know any name offhand you like better ?	3
We're due back in [LOCATION] as early this evening as we can make it .	2
That's bold .	8
Don't let anybody ever tell you different .	8
[PERSON] , I care about this woman .	5
Right , Lieutenant ?	7
I'm getting married .	2
I'm thinking about showing him and getting pregnant . Of course if I get pregnant I can't go to FATI .	2
I guess you're looking for a place right away , aren't you ?	2
When I'm and you're still the way you are ?	3
I have worked and struggled to make myself an American .	6
Cinch up your seat belts , mates .	2
[PERSON] , I'm just trying to help you .	8
Enter , my spy .	2
Get out of the god damn hallway , [PERSON] .	1
Well , I'd say the [LOCATION] money will probably lay about ... oh , - on [PERSON] .	8
Where does it go from there ? What do you say ?	8
That's why I couldn't remember anything on Saturday .	7
I don't want to hear this !	1
Fifty of them froze to death in one night .	6
Which I will never understand .	3
Ah , the ice cream shop .	2
All right , now , send that woman and her young ' uns out !	1
What do you mean you didn't see ?	1
Push ! Here it is ! Here it is !	8
Thank you , ma'am .	8
Maybe he'd better start carrying his own matches . Oh ?	7
It's urgent !	4
Why don't you  try it ? 	1
Those people have a tough time .	2
He remembers everything .	8
[PERSON] , I hope this time you've come to stay .	2
The things are walking fast , my friend . Perhaps fast too much .	7
Hey , what's up you guys ?	5
[PERSON] was killed .	6
That's a foolish article of yours .	3
Maybe your master knows the answer to that one too , or maybe he doesn't want to know .	2
Something very unusual has happened .	7
He didn't come to the man who trusted him and ask for help .	6
Yes , my cook excels in preparing these various products .	8
God , forgive me .	6
You stool for him , fuck .	1
You're the only one with the experience . No , [PERSON] , I do not have the strength .	8
It's too late .	4
[PERSON] , the insurance is worthless now .	6
I said pay him !	1
I will make war on the world over , without mercy !	1
Ain't no doubt about your gender , girly .	2
You wanted big ... real big .	2
Forget it .	1
Come on , [PERSON] . There's fish in the stream .	2
I love it .	8
I think he believed me at last .	5
I can not !	2
Remember what I told you about court ? Yeah .	3
This would make a terrific playroom .	2
I promised your father I'd take care of you .	6
I've done what I can for you .	8
And for that , I can never forgive myself .	6
But , [PERSON] , whatever it is that you're going through , we can help you , but you need to ... How the hell would you know what I need ?	1
We'll go tomorrow .	2
Wow . - I missed that one .	3
We want to die !	6
Watch your head .	4
I taught him .	8
You're drunk .	3
You really are trying to kill me , aren't you ?	4
If we had known , we would have greeted you with flowers .	6
Good old Swayback .	8
He does do right well for himself .	8
Get out of here !	1
Lincoln just ain't the same no more .	6
Why must I always be the one who puts the cat out .	1
Do not be foolish !	1
People who truly loved are likely to love again .	5
To have to hear it in installments might prove unendurable .	6
I'll never get this . We're doomed !	4
No . That's another lie , isn't it ?	3
Rather like a picnic , isn't it ?	5
Take the day off .	2
I told you , you're probably overworking yourself .	6
It is being covered up , but , probably not for the reasons you might think .	2
Now get out there and cook !	1
Don't settle for less because you're a whole lot more than that . 	8
You won't stay here , and I can't go with you .	6
We know that there is nothing wrong with you medically .	8
What the hell for ?	1
He ran over [LOCATION] like you'd run over a dog and never bothered to stop his car .	3
What are you trying to say ?	1
What's it to you if I brought a woman , a man or a fuckin' Muscovy duck ?	1
Sergeant [PERSON] is here , he wants to talk to you .	2
And one step further from prison .	8
I might have been a lot of things , but I never was a tramp .	3
You better straighten your tie , [PERSON] ! Or poppa'll spank you !	1
Fuck the process !	1
This job isn't going to be like any of the others , [PERSON] .	2
Some people never learn .	1
I mean , if our system wasn't any good , why did they take us over in the first place , right ?	7
And I give him chance to speak : I will be the soul of the discretion .	2
And how do you know that ?	8
That telegram from [LOCATION] , why should you bother about it ?	1
Go home .	1
Don't touch me unless you love me .	3
It's so nice out there .	5
Lousy .	3
That's enough of that .	1
You were supposed to come Tuesday .	1
I don't want to raise him by myself .	6
While violence cloaks itself in a plethora of disguises , its favorite mantle still remains sex .	3
Come on , let's sing .	2
This is rusted tight .	1
For your information , I was at [LOCATION] .	1
Never return to [LOCATION] .	3
I fear that what life remains to me ...	4
Listen , I know why you've come .	2
You ain't built for no fucking place like this !	1
What's a girl to do when a man keeps following her around ?	4
But I will not attempt one here and now .	6
Yeah , well , I got something I want to ask you .	2
Where exactly do you live ? Nowhere .	1
Don't I know you ?	7
Quick !	2
All my friends will be there .	2
I heard you're having some trouble finding help .	8
The more you hear about this and the increased incidents of sex trafficking , the more Backpage comes up .	3
I'll take care of Miss [PERSON] .	8
You know , this ship is going much too fast .	4
My job is to see that big , strong men like you ... get on these buses without getting lost .	3
I'm sorry , there's nothing I can do . You'll have to kill your dog .	6
Your manuscript went astray , that's all .	3
Yeah , I really want to know .	2
I know that your life is here .	8
I need some protection now from [PERSON] .	4
I thought you might be interested .	2
I used to drive a tank when I was in the army , but look at me now !	1
Hey , you know there was a guy in the game that accused me of juicing the deck ?	1
Good as money can buy .	5
Go ! Out of here !	1
You've promised to think about it .	1
How cheerfully he seems to grin	5
He tried to remember that power he used to have over women back in his dangerous days .	6
Keep the noise down , you stupid git !	1
Bring her .	1
A dead man has one half - hour to raise his roll outside and get back in the game .	1
So , one day , it was my turn and I was just so determined that I was ... gonna show her I could be just as good as she could .	2
Well , you're going to prison .	5
I know you women got ta pretend to be offended .	3
We'll show them you're not afraid .	1
He died suddenly .	6
I'll take my chances with the gas .	2
Why , that's right !	5
You get your belly full of food , and you're a lover .	5
It was wonderful .	5
They put all this nonsense into his brain .	1
A hundred thousand dollars ?	7
Where'd he touch you , boy ?	1
Go on boy !	2
Don't worry , he's harmless .	8
Why , [PERSON] , what a thing to say !	3
I'm afraid we must go , dear .	6
How are you going to stop them ?	4
No . Well , I'll tell you what .	6
[PERSON] , it's impossible !	4
I can grow another one in a week .	2
But I want to know why .	7
Oh , do you know , I love it this time of year with spring coming on .	5
We have to go back to [LOCATION] , so we're going to stop off and see you on the way .	8
You're on ! - Let's go !	2
A heroic thought , Barley .	7
Well , now there's no sunshine in my life .	6
Gus , I thought you were going to attend to that later .	7
Your services are no longer needed .	2
When they looked back , they saw the body of Little Man lie down among his friends .	6
An ... an accident ? Easy , [PERSON] , easy . Watch the rug .	1
I can't keep him . He's getting farther away .	6
There's something , and if I'm right , I think I've solved a murder .	5
Boy , you sure are a good - looker .	5
We weren't even there very long , and I had to buy all those darn dresses .	1
What do you want here ?	1
First time I ever kissed you .	8
Well , it ain't much now , [PERSON] , but me and my partner , we got big plans .	2
The world will someday see paintings of her . And of her and me . And then it will think ,	2
The most damning testimony ... Comes from an abused and frightened child ... Who overcame his fear and his pain ...	6
I'm so sorry , grandma . No one wanted to tell you , but you're dying .	6
And dead fish .	3
See , that didn't hurt .	5
Prepare to dismount !	2
Whether or not you're handicapped .	1
Don't give me all that sally army stuff .	3
I thought you were ...	7
Oh , sure . They have a terrific dental plan . But that wasn't why .	8
Looks like he's in great shape , don't he ?	7
I'm sure you did , I'm sure , corporal .	8
And lo and behold , we get through all of it ... the jackpot , the horse , this headcase [PERSON] , and here's this horse , ready to run .	8
If you don't find [PERSON]'s killer , we are both history .	4
Tell me the truth , son !	1
What's your bike ? I drive .	2
You go out , call him up , tell him to surround this place with police .	8
And in that , you will be essential , mon ami .	8
You made the appointment without me .	1
You hurt his feelings .	6
Hey , honey .	5
Who ? - I don't know .	7
I see my child ... in different poses ... that look like she was drugged .	4
Boy , those English sure have a lot of guts .	7
You did . - Come on .	5
Let them look .	8
You too , buster , no sense in us all goin' noble .	1
Stay out of it .	1
Hello , darling !	8
The guilt and just feeling ashamed of yourself , I've struggled a lot with that .	8
Now , get !	2
I had to make the same decision you were asked to make today .	8
If there was a bum within miles , I was completely attracted to him .	3
Hey , don't shoot !	4
You're telling me you are married ? Yeah !	5
Well , we'll figure something out .	8
When I say run , run .	2
No , you wouldn't .	7
We didn't pass that cutoff , did we ?	4
That won't help you .	6
So they took your offer as an insult .	1
I bet that was fun .	8
He's going to get us into trouble .	4
Shoot him !	1
She even had her baby screaming at us .	3
The Count says if it could be as soon as possible .	2
Don't look !	4
You know that the child of two primitive apes will never learn how to speak .	3
I certainly don't consciously realise it , and I think that's pretty rotten of you to say that .	3
[PERSON] is two minutes late .	1
Strange man .	3
Anybody who takes money out of this bank is crazy .	3
l don't want to hurt a cop .	4
There's no need for sarcasm .	3
Yeah , she's wonderful .	5
Whoever killed him's gonna pay .	1
Tricks ?	2
Are you really that quiet ?	3
Will you be putting up a new sign ?	2
A light beer with a twist for my friend .	8
That will be enough , [PERSON] .	1
Why have you come back when nobody wants to see you ?	3
I like that Dr. [PERSON] .	5
You made me give up my secrets when I was feeling particularly vulnerable .	1
Please don't cry anymore .	6
Then you ought to understand why I can't .	8
I hope it doesn't get any worse .	4
About what happened . When ?	2
That's very rare .	7
Get out while we're still ahead and alive .	4
It's her , isn't it ?	2
How can he see pink ? It's a black and white picture .	1
Please , we need help !	4
It was an accident .	4
How is she ?	8
And given your background , I'm sure you can figure it out .	8
How is it declared ?	2
Glad you liked it , Grandfather .	5
Make you mighty happy , I bet ya .	5
Once you're out of here never come back !	1
At this rate , we'll have to head home inside hours .	2
Can I have a bite ?	2
Please don't say that .	1
You're not going anywhere , scuzzball !	1
I'll be surprised . What about years ?	7
We all have our own ways of running a ship .	8
[PERSON] , I might have died a happy man .	6
That's all you can do . You're right . You're absolutely right .	1
What can you do ?	3
Look , I won !	5
How does it feel ?	5
There's a shortcut near here .	8
Just be yourself and you'll be fine . It sounds trite , but it's true .	8
[PERSON] . We missed you , buddy .	8
What's that noise ?	4
There's no reason for me to be here .	6
That's why you have to have faith . If it made sense , it wouldn't have to be a religion , would it ?	5
You worked for it . It's yours .	8
Wouldn't they have done it anyway ?	7
It's what you got to lose .	2
It's all right . I'll have to bring our sledge . Hurry .	2
You're happy all the time ?	7
What's all the celebrating ?	7
No flags , nothing like that .	1
He was in terrific condition .	5
WTF . What am I supposed to do about the tour guide ?	1
By stepping on a bottle and breaking the heel of my shoe !	1
No , we're not done but you are .	1
It's serious trouble . So many dead and wounded .	4
Then you can handle it all .	8
Some people told me you were dumb .	3
I didn't know you were still here .	7
I got up and started to speak and the long powerful arm of [PERSON] reached into this sacred chamber and grabbed me by the neck .	4
You'll go too far .	1
Are you quite sure you'd be able to use it in cold blood ?	7
You've done it again , and I'm responsible .	1
Hey , it's me !	7
I thought it my duty to warn you .	8
Why don't you just get out of here .	1
I didn't even have time to wash my hair today .	6
Are you ready ?	2
Oh , sh -- I'm sorry .	6
Oh , thank you .	5
That was wonderful .	5
Don't let anybody tell you different .	8
Very , very soon .	2
[PERSON] hang it up .	1
My , and you did your spring house - cleaning all in one day .	7
She never cared about me !	1
Um , I found someone else to -- to take your room ,	3
Now , just a minute , gentlemen .	4
I'm glad to see you're all right .	5
If I hurry , perhaps I might even be home in time for tea .	2
It's such a ridiculous ...	3
Or was I the man of the future ?	7
You're a pussy .	3
Yeah , or what ?	1
Right , because it's a long shot . You could never love me back .	6
I'm sick .	6
Very interesting . They give a good dental plan to you ?	2
This lovely young lady shall hold this object signifying nothing .	8
But , [PERSON] , he dresses like the man that cremated Uncle [PERSON] .	3
[PERSON] , are you ready ?	2
He ain't worth the stress .	1
It's going to be all right , okay ?	8
Howdy's got worms .	3
Go tell your dad I need him .	2
[PERSON] , I know you're playing with that stupid video station , What did I say about that ?	1
I didn't know anybody was going to be killed .	4
You don't know ?	1
I hear we can expect a bumpy ride tonight .	4
I'll still be alive , when you're all dead !	1
You get better sun on our roof .	2
You ...	1
And there's this great Cézanne coming up for sale in a very messy divorce .	2
I killed her .	6
You just do what I tell you from now on , [PERSON] .	1
[PERSON] , why did you bring him here ?	1
Honey , I'm trying to read .	1
The feces has struck the air conditioner .	3
She has great elegance .	5
Running around in that eye paint ain't gonna get you nowhere , boy .	1
You dress like this , you attract attention to me .	1
I can't agree to the terms without the approval of my State Councillor for Foreign Affairs .	4
You can't land here without written permission !	1
You're the lion .	8
[PERSON] , my dear !	5
Ri ... [PERSON] , listen to me , he'll kill you . Please !	4
I didn't know we were on a first - name basis , but how are you ?	7
[PERSON] , do you happen to have a light ?	8
I know now that you're a man who employs business methods ... which in [LOCATION] would be punished by death .	3
What I want is linguini at [PERSON]'s . A little linguini , a little scungilli .	2
I couldn't make the rent . I was too ashamed to go home .	6
Hey ... at least you never got involved with her .	2
Don't start , [PERSON] .	1
Another big guy , he pulls his badge , and he says :	4
Don't panic .	8
He is responsible .	8
Now they got of that Englishman's goons , and more are coming !	2
He's really nice .	8
Get rid of that kid !	1
Just some water , dude .	1
Don't come no closer !	1
We're going to [LOCATION] , like you wanted .	2
Obscenely decaying flesh .	3
They've been kind enough .	6
How do you expect him to pay us ?	3
Tell me what I must do !	8
To tell the truth , [PERSON] , tonight we're a little bit nervous .	4
If we could be like this forever it would be great	6
Hawkins !	4
But what's that thing in my back pocket .	4
I think you want a drink .	2
They will believe you .	8
Guess my old man's not such a bad guy after all .	8
Great day for it . You look glorious .	8
I really have no explanation for that , Senator .	4
I knew that if anyone could help me , you could .	8
Isn't that terrible !	4
Not another word from anyone .	1
And you're shocked because I took credit for your idea .	1
Let me go ! You can't do this !	1
And it is time that the [LOCATION] government started coming clean on what it's all about , because they're very important military and ...	1
Your finger got bited from your mouth with your teeth ? Uh-huh .	3
[PERSON] , are you leaving the company or something ?	7
You need [PERSON] by your side , supporting you .	8
Dear , it's no good feeling sorry for yourself .	8
All right , what's happenin' out there ?	2
Well , you did [PERSON] , you stuck it up there ,	1
Wasn't it hard to ... To live with yourself After completely wimping out	6
Then I wan na make a speech from the top of the hill .	2
I am the medical examiner and the chief pathologist in the city , and they've cut me out .	1
After last night , I think she's looking forward to it .	2
So ... what in the hell takes you to [LOCATION] every five minutes ?	1
Come on , [PERSON] , turn yourself in .	1
Don't imagine things , [PERSON] .	1
Dad , look who's here .	2
You've got to get there before sundown .	4
You guys are so sweet , you know that ?	5
Sorry , boys .	6
What you readin' there , [LOCATION] ?	2
Caught in the act .	7
Can I cook dinner for you tomorrow night ?	2
You skip meetings I'm supposed to go to .	1
Feel the burn . Let me get you a drink .	2
Simply no use trying .	6
I'll be stuck here doing your work while you run all over the city fighting crime or something .	3
All right .	5
You and [PERSON] use to play when you were children ?	2
I'd like to see an [PERSON] administration .	8
Do me a favor will ya , thank your mother for me ?	8
We have no choice but to use every conceivable weapon if they land .	4
I'm gonna get anybody who had anything to do with it .	1
Lacy , watch out !	4
But for now , there is sufficient cowardice , sloth and mendacity down there on Earth to last forever .	3
How can you be so cruel and unfeeling ?	6
It can be absolutely breathtaking .	5
Well , if the [PERSON] tries anything like that with me ...	1
Let's see if he's ticklish .	2
[PERSON] , what did I do ?	1
The sword drew blood from the wounds and King [PERSON] was saddened . 	4
It's loaded .	2
Could I talk to you just for a second ? Sure .	8
That's good . Seven' fines  ' since we left the match . 	5
Fuck off .	1
Everything'll be all right .	8
Can you help me out with this crazy wiring on the socket ?	8
I thought he'd kill me .	4
I'll get a job .	2
Our soldiers are dying in the inferno to be burning tanks .	4
Mrs. [PERSON] , this is your wake - up call .	2
Heard you walking around in here , figured I'd drop by .	2
Isn't this about professionalism ?	7
Come on , boy .	8
He killed when he was born ... without knowin' it .	4
You mean I'm supposed to take mama's place ?	7
How are you doing ?	2
You don't have any messages for me , do you ?	2
Yeah , she seemed to have a pretty good time .	5
My grandparents were killed in the war .	6
Without their guns , they're nothing at all .	3
Shut your mouth , Brother [PERSON] .	1
I won't go schizo , will I ?	4
You mean somebody she let in opened the windows so it looked like a break - in ?	7
There were no other documents ? - I got everything in the room .	2
Let's go home .	2
If you got a plan , [PERSON] , you better be letting me in on it .	8
Now isn't that jolly ?	5
Um , they're in the , uh , cabinet .	8
There will be no more movies for days .	1
Don't be so sentimental , [PERSON] .	1
It's about time .	1
Dressing is common courtesy , [PERSON] .	3
To be hypnotized indirectly is very common , but to be regressed indirectly is not only unusual but a little nerve - wracking .	4
I just can't seem to throw anything out .	3
You want me to get you a bellboy ?	1
Professor [PERSON] is gonna spot us .	4
They asked me to give it to you .	8
What the fuck are you doing now , man ?	3
Yeah , how you doin' ?	8
It's [PERSON] ! [PERSON] from [LOCATION] .	2
He didn't sleep .	7
It's a matter of life and death !	1
And I lied to the police about him .	5
What kind of evil spirit are you !	1
Then I guess it's in God's hands now .	4
Are you a scarecrow's son ?	3
This is a fucking nightmare .	1
Bye - bye , baby .	5
We can't just leave him here .	6
Now tell me you're glad to see me .	5
The trouble is , a lot of highly paid favourite sons are in danger of having their rice bowls broken and going hungry , all on account of these goddamn notebooks .	1
This is my team .	8
It's going to be a disaster .	4
Honey !	5
That's how much you bother me .	1
I got it all planned .	8
Your mom's having a stroke or menopause or something .	3
You have to be a pig !	3
Shoot her now .	1
You're outnumbered and outdone , [PERSON] . And you have only one wish left . So use what's left of your brain and wish to go home .	1
I object .	1
[PERSON] , I can not go to prison .	4
Leon !	4
He never wanted me .	6
Not like a scientist , like an ... artist .	2
Get 'em out !	4
You could be talking about , , kids who have been victims of human trafficking .	3
Thought she wants to get an education .	7
What do you think I am , stupid ?	1
I'm ashamed to put a picture of [PERSON] in a room like this .	3
How dare you , sir !	1
All you have to do ... is point her out and look the other way .	1
I don't want any trouble .	4
Give it up .	1
You got one bad seed there .	6
[PERSON]'s gonna come , and allie is gonna be there .	2
They hold together and bring me bad luck .	6
A smokin' good time .	5
I am afraid that there is no coincidence here .	4
Never you mind .	1
Judge , it's our theory that Mr. [PERSON] is being framed in this case .	7
Let me taste it .	2
No , he's completely loyal to you . And you are to him .	8
Of course they're armed and dangerous .	1
Thanks for the entertainment , gentlemen .	8
Good , daddy .	5
Looks like we got a slumber party on the third floor .	7
I called you as soon as I heard .	8
Maybe she could get some valuable information .	8
That's perfect .	5
That Dude ought to be ashamed of himself .	3
I can't save [PERSON] .	4
I'm gonna get a closer look at it .	2
Did Mr. [PERSON] call anybody in the room by name ?	2
Let's roast marshmallows .	2
Things were going wonderfully well .	5
I am aware of that , but to be seen together could be disastrous for us both .	4
All we want to do is talk to you .	2
Maybe when I come back , the two of us ought to spend some time alone .	2
He's less a gigolo than anyone in our immediate company .	8
Congratulations , Mr. President .	2
Oh , wait !	2
Well , run out and get him !	1
I'll do it .	8
Everybody else laughs at it , but not you .	7
It wouldn't have helped our case .	6
You know , all fairness to alcohol , I've done stupid things when I was sober , too .	6
I told him his wife was a dyke .	3
Get the camera on this right now !	2
I'm so happy to see you .	5
Get a bat , that's a boy .	1
Will you give me a shot of the valedictorian Getting her diploma ?	2
I entirely agree with you , Colonel .	8
Let's hurry up and bury this bastard . I'm fucking knackered .	1
I really have . - I - I - I must go now .	4
Get in here , come on .	8
I didn't come here for grief counseling . I came for my inheritance .	3
But you are absolutely sure he was a priest ?	7
I ain't aiming for you to go to [PERSON] ' and gobble like a hog !	3
Could turn your whole life around .	2
Ah , I'm sorry !	5
Fuck it . I start with me .  	1
Is [PERSON] really dead ?	4
You poor child .	6
I got ta hand it to you , you'd make a great con man .	8
Now we are running out of ammunition .	4
If the rights of the individual are not respected by the group , the group can not exist .	1
I don't like reporters .	1
What I'm saying is this aggression in [LOCATION] , by powers unknown , is a direct result of the uncertainty that our presidential situation has wrought .	1
I was just calling because I'm having a game night .	7
It's a fucking slaughter , Lieutenant .	6
What are you doing ? !	7
That's where I got it .	2
I could have finally gotten my yoga certification ... It wouldn't have been .	1
Take him to the stockade !	1
I try to instil them a notion of order and method , and they always disappear for the bar !	1
She wears the pants alright , but somehow she always strips her gears .	7
You'll hear some good music .	2
What the hell does this all mean ?	1
Pretty good chow .	5
Sweet !	5
And I want [PERSON] and [PERSON] ... dead !	1
Tomorrow we might be Xayide's prisoners .	2
We speak now tonight ... And these things are never spoken of again .	8
You see kiddo , you can barely taste the alcohol . Go ahead and finish it .	2
It was utter chaos .	6
Come on , [PERSON] .	1
Let's hear more about [PERSON] .	2
Now , [PERSON] , remember , no speeding ! Watch yourself .	8
Oh , it's such a beautiful statue .	5
Why don't we all go to town ?	2
I can't believe you did this -- A $ , suit on my credit card .	1
No , no !	4
We're kickin' the shit outta everybody .	1
LeAnn's in [LOCATION] , trying to close the deal for the debate .	8
Get a job , dummy .	3
I screamed , but no one listened .	6
It would be a start if you'd let [PERSON] go .	1
And just possibly , we will heal Some of our sickly , and / or ... Crippled followers .	2
She does though . Well , I should say my goodbyes .	6
It's a new car .	7
You ought to take a few days off and go down to [LOCATION] .	5
We'll find out someday .	2
They're waiting for enlightenment .	2
They do not want to separate of you .	8
All right , [LOCATION] , that's enough .	1
Looks like we're going that way .	7
Did you come over in that aeroplane that I saw flying round ?	7
We were a bit worried about you .	4
Look at all that underwear .	7
The other day , you looked like you were still hurting .	6
Why , you don't have to hide .	7
It's nice , isn't it ?	5
You big baby .	3
Go get my children and you bring them back .	8
The hostage negotiator's on his way , sir .	2
You know , you really are a princess .	8
He calls back , and this time he's very frightened .	4
Just wait till he's looking down your throat , that's all .	3
That's not judge [PERSON] .	7
You know , compadre ?	8
You sit and discuss your sports and your young ladies and ...	3
* So get up out of your bed	1
My offer is a very fair one , and doesn't even take advantage of your situation .	8
[PERSON] finally agrees .	5
Ugh ! Shocking !	3
You will dine with me ?	2
I'm ashamed of you , [PERSON] .	3
Creeps .	3
How can you forget yourselves this way ?	6
I don't need you monitoring my intake .	1
You know the routine .	8
Hi ! Hi Princess ! This isn't really the best time right now .	5
What if the Russians were raping your sister ?	3
I'm not blind .	1
I have to see the Childlike Empress .	2
I think you're right .	8
Come down . - It's making you nervous ?	2
I mean , we're a solid act , honey .	5
Hey , ass - wipe , All the emo freaks belong on the bleachers . Go !	3
I'm so relieved .	5
♪ ♪ What are you thinking ?	5
You just go .	8
I think some were stolen .	6
I though you didn't like blood sports .	7
Come on , don't be a fool .	3
I didn't have time to ask .	1
And you're amazing and this would be amazing .	8
As if all my life I had lived in a dark place , and all at once the lights went on .	5
I will not be one mind with you !	1
If the city can pay , we'll be humiliated .	2
Just our usual .	8
There's someone crying .	6
No , I just want some answers .	2
You ever see a horse run himself dead just to please the man on his back ?	3
What were you gonna say ?	2
A sense of humor .	8
My boy [PERSON] !	5
Safe from what ?	7
But you don't hear me complaining .	1
What crap !	1
You're sure we're not , uh , crowding you , eh ?	4
It's your responsibility to be here for us !	1
The fashions this spring are very becoming to her .	5
What would she do ?	4
Oh , it's your fault she's gone June ,	1
That's just my nature .	6
We've lost you .	4
Do I have to find out for yourself ?	1
Your blood will thicken .	1
Oh god , I promise I won't say anything .	4
I'm awake , [PERSON] .	5
I just think you're not gonna be able to go back to what you were .	6
Can't I go down to [LOCATION] and get it fixed ?	7
Nobody better have a cold .	4
What's what like ?	7
Yeah , I got you .	8
When ?	2
He's with them .	1
Listen , if things don't work out , you can get in touch with me in [LOCATION] .	8
Not like this . I mean , fuck him .	1
Just kind of go like this all the way around .	8
Every time it rains , it gets all yucky .	3
You can't make a dead man's knee jump any more than you can test a corpse's reaction to a prefrontal lobotomy !	3
You see , [PERSON] , no reason to get angry .	8
I never had the chance to apologize to her .	6
Then ask him who ordered that each man should catch flies a day . And that they should be collected , counted and delivered daily , by me .	1
And he waded in there with a lead pipe and he saved your ass and now you're going to deny him over his dead body ?	1
Oh , honey , you're gonna love these -- coconut fudge delights .	2
Fifteen hundred ?	7
I represent the belief of far more people .	8
Get me some punch .	2
No . Never in my life have I been more sure of myself , and of everything else .	8
[PERSON] fucking christ . - $ ? - Yes , sir .	1
Why do you want to die , Grandfather ?	6
I know exactly the situation I'm in .	1
It is a happy occasion .	5
All right , so we got ourselves a real live rat , right ?	3
You can ride with me in comfort .	5
It looks like a life sentence .	4
[PERSON] was a girl and it seemed hopeless .	6
If you and [PERSON]'ll gab on about this appointment , I'll see the committees .	2
All those mothers had to make do with what nature gave them .	6
I love it when he does that .	8
One of these days , I'll get the facts and print them .	2
This girl's been in an accident , [PERSON] .	4
Some unidentified walk - in is telling us the Russians are way behind , they can't hurt us , we can pull in our horns .	7
Like disposing of their wives ?	3
They're from the guy who pumped my stomach . Bullshit .	1
Let me in !	1
I got to catch that boat .	2
Except never take drugs and go to AA meetings for the rest of your life .	1
Then if you ain't my pa , I want my $ 200 !	1
Who are you putting on ? - [PERSON] . Selling pencils at the [LOCATION] .	3
They got you off the hook for a while .	8
l 'm sorry if the question offends you .	1
We ran those prints through the federal computer . Turns out they belong to one [PERSON] . She's arrested for disorderly conduct in , in [LOCATION] , some kind of antinuke bullshit .	1
It's big enough for two .	8
But [PERSON] never speaks with me , it will be possible to avoid it .	8
Won it in a stud game .	5
Kill that cat , Kid .	1
And I appreciate it , [PERSON] .	5
You'll report to SIOC with [PERSON] every morning to continue your mandatory sessions with me .	8
I'm the one who can -	8
It is you whom I love , much more than this .	8
They do not know the hardships of the imperial court	3
I don't like to .	6
So you're figuring what ? The guy she was having cocktails with did her ?	3
Yes , Commissioner .	8
The ring !	7
That is my greatest and most enduring love .	5
When I came back from the war , I had a son .	5
You don't have to say the words , Governor .	6
